*sigh* What are you freaking out about now?
Huh?
"Big time"? And what do you mean by "we"? You don't mean you and me are...?
Pearls! You haven't changed a bit! Wait... What are you doing here anyway?
(What's this...? Some kind of poster?) Kurain Village... Isn't that...?
What's this about "treasures" from the boonies?
Tonight? What about tonight?
(Heh. Same Maya. Different Day.)
This young lady here is Maya Fey... The younger sister of Mia Fey... ...My friend and mentor. I first met her two years ago... I was working on the case surrounding Mia's death, and ever since then...
Actually that's just a cover for her true identity... In reality, she's a spirit medium, and a bit of a shady character.
And this little girl is Pearl Fey, but I usually call her "Pearls". She's Maya's cousin and a spirit medium in training herself.
Kurain Village is the home of the mysterious Kurain Channelling Technique. And Maya here is the daughter of the Kurain School of Channeling's Master. ...I know it sounds ridiculous, but it's no joke. I've seen her power with my own eyes... It's the real thing alright.
(*sigh* Looks like I don't get a choice here. Might as well head on out...)
("Lordly Tailor"... The city's fanciest and most expensive department store. Treasure Exhibit, huh... I have to admit I'm pretty impressed.)
Yeah... You can make even the cheapest junk look great... It all depends on how you display it.
(On a family heirloom...!?)
Alright... (I guess we should go and say hello...)
A piece of cloth with a ton of finely-written characters jammed onto it. Probably esoteric knowledge only mediums would know. ...Hmm, let's see... Here's the title in English... "108 Ways to Save Money." ... I'm pretty sure the number has gone up since the last time I saw it.
Being a medium sounds like a rough way of life...
What's with this big cushion? It's just lying around, with nothing on it.
"Greatest treasure"...? Is there something like that?
I think I remeber this old folding screen here... I'm pretty sure it was an important piece of evidence... ...in that murder case that happened in Kurain Village.
(If it's so secret, why is it the most prominent thing in the exhibit?)
They're just a bunch of old urns... Are these really "treasures", too?
Well yeah, I guess so. ... (So all it takes to be a "treasure" is age? No wonder nobody like museums...)
...Yeah, look at that. But somehow, it seems to reek of dreariness.
Don't do it, Maya. ...They might get mad.
(Yup. This is a basement warehouse alright...)
(Huh? A monster...?)
Y-You... I know you...
(Adrian sure has changed since we last met...)
It's a security camera. It's trained on the warehouse door.
This computer... It looks like it's hooked up to the security camera above.
The camera is set up to take a photo of anyone that goes in or out of the storeroom... Then the data from the camera gets uploaded to this computer here. That's what.
It looks like a part of a big signboard. All I can read on it is the "bur".
Why would anyone write "Hamburger" that big?
I kinda doubt it.
...Why are you talking about food? Oh, wait. That's normal for you. Anyway, it says, "bur". There's no way it could be "Spaghetti".
OK to me... Besides, Spaghetti is the only thing more tangled than your reasoning.
That's a "step"-ladder.
R-Right... sorry. (Why do I feel like we've had this exact same conversation before somewhere...?)
It looks like it's the door to the actual storeroom. I can see lots of big boxes and stuff back there.
Why are you telling me that?
What's that creepy-looking thing she's holding?
...Well, you ARE the future Master, right?
Why are you eyeing me for!?
It says "ORGANI".
Yeah, well I guess no one else could read it either, because this place is a mess.
Wh-Why are you spazzing out on me!?
(Please, Maya, don't say anything that'll needle Pearls further...)
You remember, don't you? The "Nickel Samurai" case.
Wow, that's tough. I'm sorry, Ms. Andrews. If it wasn't for us...
(Whew, that's a relief...)
I'm really impressed, Ms. Andrews. Handling a huge exhibition like this must be very tiring.
So this basement warehouse is pretty well-protected, huh?
(That sounds good... So, what is with that face she's making...?)
Oh, come on now. That's not true...
N-No way, Maya!
So that's why you arranged this exhibit...?
Hmm... But that's not exactly thanking me, per se, is it?
I guess I can't argue with that one.
R-Really?
(Well, now that she mentions it... I guess I have gotten a little stronger...)
Oh, it was nothing.
(She shouldn't take it so personally. It's not like she was exactly "free" to help...)
Um... So what about this?
Um, well actually...
After that pleasant evening, all that remained was to wait for the exhibition's opening. It was wonderful seeing Ms. Andrews looking so happy. None of us could have imagined... That the very next day, something terrible would happen...
Gimme a break, would you? My brain just hit the snooze button for the fifth time...
...M-Masque the Mask...?
L-Lordly Tailor...!?
Treasure...? Lordly Tailor...? You don't think...!?
Whaaat!?
There is a giant building just outside the window. It's the Gatewater Hotel, a high-class, luxury hotel. The chain is getting so rich that they brought a whole chunk of the next town over... ...and started building a huge theme park. It's going to be called "Gatewater Land". ...And to think that two years ago, it was just a little hotel for businessmen.
An old movie poster. Apparently, this was the first movie that made Mia cry when she saw it, a long time ago. Maya watched it recently, and said she cried all night, too! ...Which, I guess, is why it's back up on the wall. I'll have to check it out one of these days.
Charley. A quite decorative plant. When she was alive, Mia really loved it. She even went so far as to make it our mascot. It must be nice to be a plant, being able to just sit in the sun and photosynthesize...
(Oh man. Until I find that urn, they're not gonna give me a second of peace...)
It's my desk. I don't get to use it much, so the dust bunnies are starting to mount their assault. Maybe I should wipe them out with a few well-placed swipes of my cleaning rag...
(At least Pearls is good at cleaning. *sigh* Guess I'd better go find that urn...)
Difficult-looking legal books stand in a formidable row. They mock me. ...Actually, I've neglected them for so long that they're covered in a layer of dust. I guess I should at least read them once in a while.
(I guess I won't be getting any peace and quiet to even read until I find that urn...)
Refresh my memory a little... What's this "Sacred Urn"...?
(That's right! One year ago, there was a murder in Kurain Village, Maya's hometown. The Sacred Urn... It turned out to be an important clue in that case.)
OK, the toilet is shinier than the judge's head, so let's see what's next...
What do you mean?
But I thought the urn was the village's treasure, so I don't see how...
O-OK OK! I do! ...So what am I supposed to do about it?
B-But... I'm not a detective... I'm a lawyer--
(Man, oh man... There's no winning against Pearls's fairy-tale image if love...) ...So what's the name of this bad guy again?
One year ago... The murder in Kurain Village.
A man was killed during one of Maya's spirit channelings. And this urn wound up being the key piece of evidence that proved her innocence.
Oh yeah, that's right.
(Now I remember. This urn used to say "AMI" on it... Until Pearls accidentally broke it into a million pieces. She tried to secretly fix it... Let's just say it didn't work out so well.)
...Anyway, this is how her gluing project turned out. She put the pieces together wrong and now, instead of "AMI", it says, "I AM".
...I can't believe no one's noticed this until now, a whole year later.
It sure is. Being able to peek into people's minds is definitely a nice advantage.
What do you mean? You gave me this thing...
...Some future leader you are.
Is this thing really all that valuable? It looks kinda... well... junky, if you ask me.
So how much do you think you could get for it?
(Somehow, I think Maya's going to be searching for a buyer for a long time...)
Didn't Adrian say it's from a Fey branch family's training hall or something?
(Why does it always have to be "desolate" mountains...?)
...!
Y-Yeah, I'll do my best.
(I hate to break it to her, but I don't think being frozen to the bone helps in court...)
Well, you're the future Master of the Kurain Channeling Technique, after all.
Wha-?? Do I look like I was born yesterday!?
Yup.
(A President that can channel past Presidents... Hmm... That just might come in handy...)
Well, she was in a pretty tight sopt during that terrible ordeal. Actually, I'm grateful to her, too.
So, what do you think about this?
(Maybe three heads aren't better than one...)
So, what do you think about this person?
(I think the saying I'm looking for is, "never seen them before in my life"...)
...But it doesn't look like anything has been disturbed.
Wait a minute... that voice. Oh no! Not him again!
I should be asking you that. Aren't there any other detectives?
Hey, I asked you first. Why are you here any--
How exactly do you know that?
(Basement warehouse, huh...)
Hey, Detective Gumshoe, about this Mask☆DeMasque... Is he famous?
...So he's some kind of master of disguise, huh.
(Calling card, huh... They mentioned that on TV...)
So why do you call him an "Ace Detective" anyway?
(So he's down in the basement warehouse, huh...?)
So what's this "calling card"?
What's this mark on the front?
Um, uh, thanks... I guess.
Here, take a look at my attorney's badge.
What's that?
(Sounds like we've got an unpredictable thief on our hands...)
Does the thief ever send these to the police?
...Yeah, sure.
Hey...!
(She has got a point...)
(...The only one? That's kinda sad if you think about it.)
Umm, what about this...?
Hey, keep it down. He might have really good hearing for all you know, and might get mad if he heard.
Umm, what about this person...?
Hey, keep it down. He might have really good hearing for all you know, and might get mad if he heard.
That's probably because it's air-conditioned... To protect the art pieces, you know.
(Huh? What the heck does THAT mean...?)
Oh... Umm... Hi.
Err, umm... The name's Wright. Phoenix Wright... ...Ace Attorney.
("Game"? Why does the phrase "one short of a baker's dozen" come to mind with this guy?)
Huh? Wh-What do you mean?
I think he pretty much said, "Don't touch anything amateurs!"
(What do I do now...?)
(I'll think about what to ask while I listen to what Mr. Ace Detective has to say...)
Umm... So are you really as famous as you say?
(So... in the end, the only thing that makes you great is your own self-praise...)
I see... ...Huh!? Hang on a second! You were here last night? Here? In Lordly Tailor!?
(Elegant traps? More like DeMasque out-eleganced you and made a beautiful getaway.)
(I wonder if I should ask him about what happened last night in more detail...)
Umm... Can you tell us exactly what happened here last night?
(Flattery will get you nowhere, Pinocchio...)
(That's Adrian for you...)
(You've got a lot of nerve. After all, it was you that let DeMasque gey away.)
B-But that's impossble! How could it just disappear!?
(For someone who seriously messed up his own stakeout, he's rather full of himself.)
(Th-That's just not possible!)
Still, there's something funny about this guy...
...No thanks.
Mask☆DeMasque's calling card... It's got his emblem printed on it, right?
(I don't know if I really want this guy to like us... ever.)
That's pretty amazing the way you were able to tell what I do for a living.
(Wow, impressive...)
...You don't say.
...
(No doubt about it. This guy is good!)
(...I'm not entirely convinced that was an intelligent move on her part.)
Huh...?
He is a surprisingly sensitive guy...
I have no clue what you're blabbering about... But I guess I'll find out soon.
Um, but I was the one asking you...
B-But this guy is scary.
Thanks, Maya. Why couldn't you have said I was a "rival", and not a "piddling evidence hog"?
...Well, I'm not sure would say that exact--
W-Wait a minute...!
I don't like the idea of doing this guy's work for him.
It's a security camera. It's trained on the big door to the storeroom. It's set up to take a photo of anyone that goes in or out.
It looks like this computer is for storing the data from the security camera. When someone comes in or out of the warehouse, the camera takes a photo of them.
Hmm, let see here... (Man, I really stink at working these things...) ...
...I don't know how to pull up the photos...
...Yeah, well I managed to print out the camera data anyway.
Yeah, sure... Anyway, it looks like the camera only went off once last night.
It looks like this computer is for storing the data from the security camera. When someone comes in or out of the warehouse, the camera takes a photo of them.
That pathetic-looking wooden box...
Don't touch it! There may be clues to the thief's identity on there!
Huh!? You MADE that poor excuse for a box, Maya?
(Poor Maya. Maybe it'd have been better if Mask☆DeMasque had taken the box, too...)
"Shichishito". It's literally "7 Branch Sword" in Japanese. Or so says Ms. Andrews. Whoa... It's pretty heavy.
Y-You're right...
(The sworld is bent, so that must mean... Last night, someone "used it" somehow...)
YEOOOOOUCCCH!! WHAT THE HECK!
(Oh man... My head... MY HAIR!)
It looks like it's the door to the actual storeroom. I can see lots of big boxes and stuff back there.
Remember, Maya. Ms. Andrews said we're not allowed in there.
I didn't do that!
Paint doesn't dry that fast! Besides, I told you it wasn't me! (It looks like it's been several days since it was spilt.) Hey, look at this!
There's some kind of shape left in the bottom left side of this stain.
Hey! It's WRIGHT & Co.! How about a gold statue of ME?
Huh? What is it, Pearls?
Y-Yeah, I think you're right.
(So the statue was moved on the night of the crime...)
Hello, Phoenix Wright here.
Gumshoe! What is it? What's so funny!?
(Mask☆DeMasque surrendered?)
What...? Something wrong?
Detention center...?
(The detention center, huh?)
This is a detective agency? Looks like more like the set of some B-grade horror movie.
It looks like nobody's home.
Don't you dare, Maya! (Guess we'll have to try back later...)
It's called a "gramophone". In the old days, people used them to listen to music.
Forget it. You never pay up when you lose.
What a creepy painting. It's like he's looking right at me.
...I think I'd prefer something a bit more dignified.
That's a fireplace.
R-Right... sorry.
That's one impressive bookshelf filled with some very impressive books!
Hey, he's even got one of those ships in a bottle thingies.
There's a microscope here, too. I wonder if he was researching something. The glass sildes have different names on them.
It's getting kind of irritating, actually.
This desk is literally covered with all sorts of chemistry equipment.
No, no, no. Not carbon! Oxygen! Oxygen and hydrogen!
(If by "alternative theories" you mean the ones you make up inside that head of yours.)
You're sure in a happy mood, aren't you?
He is?
Well... I guess so... In a way...
(...I don't think this guy could punch his way out of a wet paper bag.)
Smile, you're on candid camera.
This guard monitors the visitor's room. He looks nervous being this close to an alleged thief.
So, you're the Masque DeMask guy?
(Well, he's a timid little weakling, we know that much.)
(And a major crybaby, too.) So... Why did you give yourself up?
("Priceless treasure"? That broken old urn...?)
Y-Yes? What is it?
Um, Mr. DeMasque? Do you think you could speak up a little?
So who is this Dessie person?
H... Hideout?
S-Secret Base?
(Something tells me she just likes the sound of the word "hideout".)
What did you just say? Did you say you "lost it"?
Wait a minute! You went on the train dressed like that!?
... (This guy's story is more surreal than a Dali painting.)
Maya, don't call him a "creep". (Although I do have to admit, I understand your doubts about this guy...)
(Well, I guess you could call thievery a type of business...)
So that's what you wanted to be when you grew up?
(...People sure can be complicated, can't they.)
Do you know him? He claims to be your arch-enemy and rival.
What do you think about this?
Don't worry, you didn't miss anything.
... Wow, check this place out!
Err, umm... Are you Desirée DeLite?
Y-Yeah, that's us. Your husband told us that you wanted us to stop by.
(Did she really call me "Nicky boy"?)
...Wow! There's no fooling you!
(That emblem on the balloon is supposed to be top-secret. That's proof enough that Ron DeLite really is Mask☆DeMasque. I'd better not tell Maya. She gets kinda... scary when it comes to "celebrities"...)
There's a whole bunch of stuff piled up over here.
But they're not heavy enough to be real... Oh wait. They're just really well-made toys.
... (Did the police even investigate this place...?)
Looks like an envelope... And a letter.
Maya, you know we shouldn't do that!
No way. You can't just go reading a private letter because you feel like it.
(If I was sure it was a clue, I guess I wouldn't mind...)
It's a bunch of cheap costume pieces arranged inside a nice frame.
There's also a mask made out of cardboard...
H-Hey! Cut it out...
(No way! I'm not stealing from a thief! I have enough bad karma as is!)
(Hmmm... This thing looks vaguely familiar.)
I think it's a helmet. ...An alien helmet.
I think it's a transceiver. ...An alien transceiver.
(Getting lectured by Maya to be more of an adult. That's a new low...)
There's a tape recorder hanging from his neck.
...It's hard to believe, but it sure looks real.
Please don't say that torpedoes are things people just leave lying around.
There are a bunch of books lying here. They're all romantic-sounding novels about famous heists and fantastic thieves.
Let's see here... "Note: Must remember this thief's way of laughing. Very useful." "Note: A calling card is an important part of any good thief's modus operandi!"
W-Wow, Ron really studied his stuff!
Umm, about your husband...
..."A bit"?
(Remind me not to watch that channel's news program.)
...I see.
(...Is it possible his own wife doesn't know his secret identity?)
(Well, I think that depends on how you ride it...)
Other ways...?
(Man, talk about a high maintenance wife...)
(He's a security guard...? I think it's my turn for my head to spin...)
Can you tell us about what happened last night?
What time was it again, Maya?
H... Hideout?
(Sounds like she's got an airtight alibi...)
(So basically he's got no alibi...)
So... When did Ron first become Mask☆DeMasque?
Huh? But... W-Wait a second! Look around at this room! This place is obviously Mask☆DeMasque's hideout...
(So he's "deluded", huh... Could that really be true?)
W-Well, I suppose so...
(She has a point. Mr. DeLite isn't exactly the criminal type... But something about Ron's behavior bothers me.)
(Maya looks so happy. She's lit up like a 1,000 watt bulb.)
(Oops, looks like that light bulb is starting to flicker.)
Umm, so what do you know about this...?
...Doh! Oops, sorry about that. (But the way she just said "top-secret" was a worse giveaway than what I did...)
(*sigh* Back to the detention center I go...)
Well, yeah.
...Yeah, sometimes. Actually, a little too exciting at times.
(Um... This is starting to get awkward.)
Don't say it, Maya. If you say "spirit channeling", she'll laugh.
...Um, Ms. DeLite. You must know, right? About your husband and Mask☆DeMasque...
B-Biggest fan?
W-Wait a minute! Did you say "delusional"!?
(What exactly does Ms. DeLite see in her husband anyway?)
Skyrockets...? I didn't know people still used that word.
Excuse me, but would you take a look at this...?
What is it?
Yeah, she sure is...
(Whoo boy. The one topic I didn't want to get into in front of Pearls...)
(Oh boy. he's gone back into his own little world again...)
...Oh, that's right! Here. This is from your wife.
(He's clutching onto that letter so hard, the ink is going to be squeezed out...)
Yes?
Why not?
Well, yeah... But according to Desirée, he didn't do it...
W-Well, that's true. ...Err, no actually not. Actually it's hard to say (...Oh no, it's spreading!)
(Hmm... What should I do?)
...Well, Mr. DeLite, I've decided to give it a try. I'll defend you.
Well, he may be a thief... But I think there's more to this case than meets the eye.
(Well, I admit something about this guy stinks like last week's sushi. I guess I really should say no. But... If I do that, this poor guy will have nobody on his side!)
...Well, Mr. DeLite, I've decided totake your case.
P-Pearls...?
(This is going to be ugly...)
Well... You couldn't have known she'd react like that. (I guess I might as well start investigating...) Oh, Maya... Where's Pearls?
And what about you...? Are you OK with me taking Mr. DeLite's case...?
... *sniffle* (I think I'm going to cry.)
Smile, you're on candid camera. The camera doesn't seem to have a lot to tape right now. The only thing it's watching now is that guard over there.
This guard monitors the visitor's room. It looks like he doesn't have much to do right now. I can tell because he's looking at the camera and making funny faces.
Oh, hey Pearls. You're back too, I see.
Hey, uh Pearls... ...
Yeah... Thanks. Umm, Pearls?
Hey, it's OK! I just cleaned it this morning...
(...This might be a good time for me to ask about her.)
Charley. A quite decorative plant. When she was alive, Mia really loved it. She even went so far as to make it our mascot. No matter how busy I get, I never forget to water this little fella.
It's my desk. I don't get to use it much, so the dust bunnies are starting to mount their assault. Hm? Toady it's sparkly clean. I guess Pearls must've wiped them out for me.
Difficult-looking legal books stand in a formidable row. They mock me. These were all Mia's... Wow, I just realized I didn't buy a single one of these.
(I first met Pearls a year ago... It was when that murder happened at Kurain Village. I still remember what she said to me when we first met...)
...Hey, Maya. I've always thought it was because she was young, but...
Pearls... I think she's got the wrong idea. About... you and I.
Wh-What is it?
Pearls seems to love you a lot.
Oh yeah...
(I remember now... Pearls's mother, Morgan Fey... She's serving a prison term in isolation right now...)
Maya...
Now that you mention it, I actually saw any men there when I visited.
Yeah, you did. And that's why you're undergoing training to be a spirit medium, right?
Well, that's understandable... Nothing wrong with that.
Oh?
Are you saying that Pearl's father...?
Boy, that's tough...
So your mother's still missing...?
(Maya's mother... Misty Fey. The current Master of the Kurain Channeling Technique. She disappeared 17 years ago after getting involved in a certain police case.)
...But you're sure she's still alive, right?
And if your mother dosen't come back, then what...?
Mystic Maya... The Master of the Kurain Technique... Sounds like a heavy responsibility.
Huh? Well, I'm a lawyer, aren't I?
(...I fail to see how being a lawyer is more dangerous than channeling dead people.)
Yeah, if only Ron DeLite were Mask☆DeMasque, we'd have figured it all out.
Well, Desirée says he isn't and I believe her.
Yeah, and the trial starts tomorrow... as usual.
So this was made by the real Mask☆DeMasque, huh?
Yeah, but you do realize whose deductive reasoning skills we're talking about, right...?
Well, I'd be mad too if somebody bent me the way they bent this sword.
...Um, it's been like this ever since I was a little kid.
If it wasn't for Mia, I wouldn't be the person I am today.
(Maya praised me for a change! ...Hey, wait a second...)
Oh, It's fine... It-It was nothing... (I'm going to have to smooth things over with Pearls later somehow...)
He seems to show up during all of our cases. It can't be a coincidence.
Yeah, that'd be a real Beauty and the Beast kind of fairy tale, wouldn't it.
That's what Mr. DeLite claims. ...But I'm not too convinced about something he said.
About the Sacred Urn. Didn't he sound a little vague on the subject?
(I have this distinct feeling that he's hiding something. I just know it...)
Well he did manage to get back the treasure that the Mask guy stole last time, right? And he did it by himself, too.
It looks like he does deserve to be called "Ace Detective" after all.
I thought you only knew how to ride a bike...
...E-Electric? So young and already so lazy. Whatever happened to good old exercise?
What do you think about this?
Yeah, I know... But... First I want to talk to Pearls...
Yeah...?
Pearls...
Y-Yes?
Aww, it's OK! I'm the one that should be apologizing!
Huh!? Wh-Where are you going...?
Hey! W-Wait a...! (Ack! She sure runs fast...)
...Yeah.
Please! C-Calm down! What's wrong?
That's probably where the Sacred Urn was going to be displayed.
Should I put my attorney's badge there? You know, as a replacement?
Now you're being silly... That's definitely too small.
Really? But I thought it was some kind of important spell!
(Looks like the Kurain Channeling School is teetering dangerously on the edge...)
I don't know about that. The whole place is overflowing with junk. You'd be die before you finish painstakingly recreating that mess.
*shrug* true.
Umm... So when did you get the calling card from Mask☆DeMasque?
So you hired him for security even before the calling card arrived?
So that's why there are security cameras, even in the basement warehouse?
(Well, he sure "brought it" last night... And even left with a nice souvenir.)
Why do you say that? The urn that was stolen is a pretty important object...
(Knowing Adrian, she probably even checked out what they ate for breakfast that morning.)
Umm... Ms. Andrews?
(I'm just wasting my time. She's too far gone...)
I wonder if that detective brought this camera in with him?
So it's borrowed...?
According to the computer data... ...someone did in fact go through those big doors last night, right?
That pathetic-looking wooden box...
Don't touch it! There may be clues to the thief's identity on there!
Huh!? You MADE that poor excuse for a box, Maya?
(Poor Maya. Maybe it'd have been better if Mask☆DeMasque had taken the box, too...)
Careful. Gumshoe will lock you up and throw away the key if you're caught.
Yeah. and according to the security computer data...
It looks to me like it's been dry for several days.
...I don't see how the color of the paint is in any way important.
When we were here with Ms. Andrews last night, the statue wasn't there it is now.
Well, if someone moved it, it was probably the criminal.
...Hey! Cut it out! You're giving me the creeps with that kind of talk!
Err, umm... We're actualy kind of...
...
You mentioned before that you were on guard all alone last night.
(I'm pretty sure he said that Adrian Andrews hired him...)
You must mean the security camera...
That's the million dollar question... What is DeMasque's modus operandi?
But... wasn't that what Mask☆DeMasque stole this time?
Yeah, now that you mention it, it is strange. After all, you were on guard that night at the scene of the crime. Unless you were sound asleep, you should have at least seen Mask☆DeMasque.
Wh-What the!? It's a Psyche-Lock...
Mr. Atmey... You must know more than you're letting on. How did Mask☆DeMasque manage to steal the Sacred Urn...?
(Last night Luke Atmey must have encountered Mask☆DeMasque... But why would he be trying to hide it...?)
(...I don't really think she understands what she's talking about. Well, it's been a while, but let's give this a shot...)
Well, your magatama lets me see when people are keeping secrets. By breaking their mental "locks", I can find out what those secrets are.
... Maya, you're the one who gave me this Magatama last year...
(This is the woman that's going to take over the Kurain Channeling School someday!?)
...Well, you present the Magatama to the person with the secret.
(Oh boy... I think the future Master still needs to learn how to be patient...)
Maybe so... But I'm not convinced that he's really behind the thefts.
What about this person here, Detective Atmey?
Ummm...
(I think he's trying to say that he doesn't have any information...)

Detective Atmey, you were standing guard at the scene of the crime... There's no way you didn't see Mask☆DeMasque commit the crime.
(I'm not sure why... But this Atmey guy is lying through his teeth. ...I know. I'll show him some proof!) Detective Atmey, I have here proof that someone went through that door last night!


(I guess that's a miss...)
(Hmm... Maybe I don't have enough evidence yet. If that's true, it could be dangerous for me to push on. But I need to break him!)
There was a security camera set up at the scene of the crime. It should have automatically taken a photo of anyone that went through that door.
I hope you don't mind, but we've already gotten our hands on the camera data. As you can see, the camera went off exactly once last night.
Maybe it was your monocle that malfunctioned.
Detective Atmey. You must have seen the thief last night. The question is why are you trying to hide it! (If he's hiding it, there must be some reason! Some reason that he desperately wants to keep hidden... And I've got just the piece of evidence that should prove it!) OK, let's suppose you didn't manage to see Mask☆DeMasque. In that case, the reason you didn't at that time was because you were...


Wh-What is it?
(Argh! I guess I need to think this over again!)
Detective Atmey... You were knocked unconscious by the thief, weren't you!?
This sword proves it!
Before the theft, this sword was in the hand of the statue of Ami Fey. Furthermore... at that time, it was not bent.
...There's only one explanation. You were struck on the head and knocked unconscious by this sword! Well, Detective!? What about it!?
You can say that again. How could he have underestimated the thief that badly?
Well it looks like we got one thing cleared up anyway.
No, that he never actually saw the thief.
...Th-That's him!
Wh-What are you talking about?
So... What did you mean by he had a "very good reason"?
(*sigh* Well, I guess we'd better go take a look, just in case...)
A green envelope, huh... Looks like this is it.
Th-Th... This is a... B-B-Blackmail letter... (It sure looks like a major clue alright!)
(...Wait a minute. I know that voice...)
"S-Something"? If you mean what I thin--
(I knew it. Just when things can't get any worse, it's time to cue in the Butz.)
Larry Butz... Ever since grade school, he's been... Not exactly a close friend, but yeah, we know each other.
It's been 25 years since I first met Larry. And what we used to say still rings true. When something smells, it's usually the Butz.
(Too busy if you really want to know...)
So Ron received a blackmail letter, huh?
Well if she did, I don't think she would've been smiling like that.
I think it'be smarter if we didn't.
So what have you been up to this whole time? It's been two years since I heard from you. And what's with these clothes? You look... well, weird.
Wh-What's wrong?
You got dumped again?
"Bennifer"? "Katty Tom"? I never heard of either of them.
(...Looks like he's still the same old Larry.)
So what are you doing here anyway?
...A wallet? You say you found this last night?
Hang on... Let me see that for a minute. ... I know it. Dessie's picture is in here.
No, I'm pretty sure it is. You haven't changed a bit.
(He's really IS here just to check out Ms. DeLite...)
(A security guard, huh. So that's what that uniform is all about...)
So what time was it when you found this last night?
(Umm... You're not the one on the hook for a crime this time, buddy.)
(What was Mr. DeLite's wallet doing there...?)
You said you were working part-time at a "security company", right?
("Security company", huh... Something's not quite secure about Larry working there... I need to find out as much as I can about this key card...)
KB Security, the company in the blackmail letter! You know about it!?
...Yes, yes. *sigh* Anyway, how far away is this company?
Hmm. Well, this apartment building is pretty close to Lordly Tailor, right?
If Ron DeLite was at KB Security when the robbery occurred, then...
Larry, this is one of the treasures from Kurain Village...
(Talk about your mixed messages...)
Hey Larry, what about this?
Do you know anything about this?
... Huh? What?
No, no, you don't understand! This blackmail letter was sent to Ron DeLite!
Wait, I'm the idiot!?
(Sounds like I should really find out some more about this KB Security company!)
You didn't touch anything in the wallet, did you?
(If Mask☆DeMasque doesn't look out, he's gonna be the victim of a robbery himself!)
So you're sure about this key card?
Larry! I need that data...!
(It's times like these when I wish lawyers weren't so powerless...)
... Coming from a guy who can only brag about how many times he's been rejected... I find that kind of... ironic.
(Oh yeah... That's right. When I defended Larry... Mia was still alive...)
(Maybe it's 'cause we're always together, but she looks pretty much the same to me.)
(...I'd think the fact that she's only 9 years old would break some rule somewhere!)
Forget about it. It's on a need to know basis and you don't need to kn--
How do you know that!?
(He has to be making that up... He can't really know Adrian... Can he...?)
Forget about it. It's a guy, trust me.
(I don't think even HE knows what he's saying anymore.)
...Yeah? Like what?
(I... I can't find a counter-argument to that...)
...What about this? Does anything come to mind?
(Funny, you had no qualms about selling Samurai Dogs just 2 years ago.)
Larry, what about this person...?
(What the...? All of a sudden, he's got nothing to say...?)
Ah! Pearls! Where are you!?
(Luke Atmey, Ace Detective...) OK, stay right there! We're coming to get you!
Alright! Let's go, Maya!
Wh-What?
.......... Say goodbye to Ms. DeLite for me, would you Larry?
...So is Mr. Ace Detective out of the office?
(Now that you mention it...)
Hey! Wait a minute! We can't just open his private property!
(That's true... And truth be told, I have to admit I am kind of curious...)
H-Hang on a sec. I'm taking it out now... (Whatever it is, it feels... kinda hard... and smooth...)
I-I'm really sorry! M-Maya made me do it!
Wh-What do you mean by that?
The way Atmey barged in like that, I never actually got the chance to look!
(But from the feel of it, it was something hard...)
Umm... What's going to happen at the trial tomorrow that's so dramatic?
G-Godot...?
Hmm... I seem to remember hearing about something like that...
(It looks like we're done investigating for the day.)
(A new prosecutor, an Ace Detective and a thief... This will be one tough trial.)
What is it? Is something wrong...?
You bought that...? Where!?
Yeah, I did. But it doesn't look like things are going to get any less ugly for you.
But... You don't have the Sacred Urn, right?
(Normally, when I say "Of course you didn't" I'm being sarcastic, but you... Yikes!)
(So, why are you smiling when you say it?)
(To be honest, I really don't know whether Ron is Mask☆DeMasque or not. But there's only one thing I AM sure of. He doesn't have the Sacred Urn right now...)
(For the time being, I guess I'll have to trust Desirée...)
The defense is ready, Your honor.
(Why does it seem like all prosecutors are the "real deal"...?)
...?
No. I don't have any friends that call me "Trite". (Just who is this masked man...?)
Wh-What is it?
...
(What!? You can't be letting him slide this early in the trial!)
As long as they haven't brought up Mr. DeLite's identity... ...all we can do is show that it wasn't Mask☆DeMasque who stole the urn.

Have you been involved in the investigation from the beginning?
...
Um, I think he probably meant to say "authority".
(It's easy when those fingers happen to be "butter fingers"...)
So nobody knows more about the thief than you, huh...?
But isn't there someone who knows even more about him than the police?
(What the heck? I guess he's not all that famous after all...)
(The real "authority" on the thief is the other detective. I don't need to ask this one any more questions...)

Have you seen all of these so-called "calling cards"?
(Gumshoe can't say it out loud but I bet he's talking about Mask☆DeMasque's emblem...)

His fifth heist... And your fifth screw up, huh?
(You of all people shouldn't be chuckling about this, Detective Gumshoe...)

Art pieces? Like what, for example?
And the target of his fifth and last robbery was the "Sacred Urn"... right?
(Yeah, he's a little too sunny to be hanging out in the underworld...)


What do you mean when you say, "it fits his M. O. to a T"?

But there's no real evidence either way as to whether Ron DeLite is Mask☆DeMasque.
Also, the urn hasn't turned up yet, let alone in connection to Mr. DeLite himself.
(Maybe for the time being, I should try to show it wasn't Mask☆DeMasque that did it!)
...Can I ask you a little something, Detective Gumshoe?
You said that he always "goes after the most precious art pieces", right?
But there's one problem... That's not what he did in this case. The supposedly "priceless" urn doesn't exactly rise to the level of "precious art"!
No! I meant from a financial point of view! I mean, it wouldn't fetch a good price.
So in other words... It was not the kind of item that Mask☆DeMasque would normally go after!
Y-Yes... That's what I'm saying. (Actually all I did was point out the contradiction. The argument made itself, but...)
Wh-What!?
Umm... Sorry, but I didn't get what you mean.
(It looks like I'm going to have to prove it... I need proof that the person at Lordly Tailor that night was in fact, Fake☆DeMasque!)


(These prosecutors sure know how to twist the knife...)
(Hmm... Is she talking about that photo we got from Atmey?)
The proof is right here.
But if you look closely... you'll notice something peculiar about it.


It's right here. ...I think.
Wh... What do you mean!
(Yes... At least until I know he can't use his goggles to fry me or something...) W-Well anyway! There is a strange spot in this photo!
It's right here, of course!
I have here a piece of refrence I would like the court to take a look at.
The problem I have with the security camera photo is the broach on DeMasque's chest.
...A broach, Your Honor. It's a sort of clasp for holding one's cape on.
That broach is the same as the emblem on DeMasque's calling card and serves as his symbol. But the thief that broke into Lordly Tailor wasn't wearing a broach... In other words, this "Mask☆DeMasque" is a fake!
Th-That's...! Mask☆DeMasque's broach!
("Buddha statue"...? He must mean the Ami Fey statue.)
(Uh oh... Phoenix, we have a problem...)
(Grr... He's been playing me like a violin...)
(Finally time for the Ace Detective to make his appearance, huh...?)
They'd either be best friends or they'd tear each other's heads off.
(Why was this guy all by himself anyway...? There must be some reason. I'm sure of it!)

So that would be one o'clock on the morning of the 12th, correct?
You were on security duty that night. Where exactly were you at the time?
(Near the computer, huh...)
(Yeah, he said the same thing yesterday, too.)
(Looks like the thief was the one applying pressure... On your pidgeony head, that is.)

"Dancingly descended"...? From where exactly?
(So in actuality, he neither "danced" nor "descended"! ...Someone please save me.) Um... So how is it that you didn't notice the thief?
(... I hereby dub you "Ace Dunce".)

You didn't see the criminal's face when that happened?


Attacked and knocked unconscious? And you weren't able to do a thing? There's certainly some very impressive detective work.
Huh!? W-Well.. Actually, yes. By a fire extinguisher.
...I-I was knocked out.
(He may have brains, but the wiring to the self-reflection part seems to be served...)


About this "30 minutes"...
I think he's saying that he was out cold.
(Just what is he going on about!?)
Also, he says he was knocked inconscious before he could fight back... But that can't be right. It contradicts the evidence.
(The real question is... Why would he tell such an obvious lie?)
...Mr. Atmey. Could you take a look at this with that special monocle of yours?
It was found on the floor of the basement warehouse. I wonder how that happened?
Not quite. It clearly shows signs of having been ripped off a piece of clothing.
...We can only deduce that the thief struggled with someone that night! That's the only thing I can think of. And there's only one person that was in a position to have a struggle with the thief. The only person that was on security duty that night...You, Detective Atmey!
Detective Atmey! You must have fought with the thief last night! So, why did you lie in your testimony to the court?
You talk too much.
(Th-That can't be good...)

So why did you look away from the door anyway?
So you were momentarily vulnerable when you were working on the computer? (What should I do? Should I ask some more questions...?)
(Well, we know for sure that Atmey looked away from the door. I think I should ask about something else now...) Alright. So you looked away from the door. ...And then?
What kind of sensors are you talking about?
That's a lot of hardware... Was it all yours?
(In other words, he couldn't have rigged the equipment, huh...?)
So did that computer belong to Lordly Tailor as well?
(In that case, he could have easily manipulated the data.)

Umm... What does that mean? "Discombobulated"?
Sorry, but what exactly DOES it mean anyway?
(Jeez. It's better than old people who forget forget what they were saying 5 seconds ago!)

What do you mean by "weapon from the side"?
Sword...? You mean the sword that was all twisted like a tree branch?
(OK. so he IS talking about the Shichishito...)

You had that much faith in your own fighting abilities?
(This guy is a real piece of work...)

Can you tell us a little more about what happened?
("P-Powericious"?)
(What do I do now? Should I ask more about this...?)
(Well, I guess it's true that Atmey was knocked senseless after all. I'd better ask him about something else instead...)
So what was this flash of light that blinded you?
(The statue of Ami Fey, I'm guessing...)
What is this "Atmey Fighting Style"?
(That's it...? That's the "Atmey Fighting Style"?)
(Well, I guess it's true that Atmey was knocked senseless after all. I'd better ask him about something else instead...)
Of course it's important! We've learned a detective's SECRET technique, after all.
(Why the heck is he eye-balling me like that...? It's creeping me out...)

Umm... Where is this "third eye" you're talking about?
(Why didn't you just say that in the first place!?)
That's what he says.
(Actually, so do I.)

Well, there's one thing that I'm absolutely sure of now.
The Luke Atmey guy... He's definitely hiding something!
I think I'm starting to figure out what really happened that night. (...And about the true nature of this "detective".)
Detective Atmey! Your testimony is crumbling like a house of cards.
I believe this is what you said yesterday.
But just now you testified that he struck you on the forehead... I hardly think you could forget where you were hit on the head!
...Detective Atmey. That's not the only strange part of your testimony.
For example... The very fact that you hid the calling card from the police itself is strange! It's almost as if... You were afraid they were going to help with security!
That's wrong!

Hey, hold on! It-It's not as pretty as that!
...!
(This is it... This might just be my chance to turn things around!)
Very well, Your Honor. The defense asserts that...
The truth is... this witness is no Ace Detective at all!
Uh, umm... Well, an average detective...?
I was planning on it, but it looks I'm the one who got attacked instead.
This witness isn't Luke Atmey... He's a fake!
An Ace Detective could never be as forgetful as this guy!
The answer is simple! It's all clear to me now! Detective Atmey's true identity is actually... Mask☆DeMasque!
There are too many unnatural parts to Mr. Atmey's story. He says he was "hiding" at the crime scenes, which is why no one ever saw him there. And then, in his last case, he manages to outperform Detective Gumshoe and... ...the entire police force to "miraculously" retrive the stolen treasure.
Oh, please! The explanation is far simpler than that, "Detective Atmey"! The truth is that you are, in fact, Mask☆DeMasque.
He didn't need to manipulate it! He gained access to the warehouse under the pretense of providing "security"... Then he simply dressed as the "thief" and stole the urn.
Yes! Time to put the last nail in this guy's coffin! Detective Atmey! When you assumed the thief's identity--
Huh!? Oh! Y-Yes, of course! (Wh-What's the big rush...?)
(Atmey looks pretty rattled right now... I'd like to finish this right now if I can. But can I really do it?) The decisive evidence that proves Mr. Luke Atmey is in fact Mask☆DeMasque...
As usual, the defense comes prepared, Your Honor!

Here's your proof!
N-No thanks, I'm fine! Really! (What do I do now? Another mistake like that and I'm through! Without some decisive evidence, I could be risking everything...)
Proof? Of course I... I... ...I've got nothing.
Uuugh...
(This is no good! I've got to stay on the attack! I'll never get another chance to prove that this guy is the thief!)
It's no good... I'm just not ready yet...
I... Unnngh... (Argh! I can't think of a counter-attack at all...)
Ms. DeLite! What are you doing here?
Well? How do you explain that one, Mr. Atmey!?
Even you are going to have a hard time weaseling out of this one!
Ms. DeLite...
(There must be some way! I've got to prove that urn was actually in the Atmey Detective Agency...)
...
You're right. I remember doing that. Whatever was in there, it was hard and round... And smooth, too.
But... I never actually saw it with my own eyes.
Atmey walked in just when I was about to have a look at it... So even if it was the urn in there, I can't testify that it was.
(Well, it's true that I never actually saw the urn... But maybe I can still testify about it from another angle!)
I can't prove anything yet.
What?
Ah...!
(Hmm, this isn't good... There has to be another way around this...) Your Honor! Please let me think it over one more time!
(I have to be careful... He won't be so nice next time...)
I can prove where the urn was... ...by the fingerprints on it!
...
(I've come too far to turn back now! Atmey must have brought the urn back to his office yesterday... And there, I'm sure someone must have left their fingerprints on it...!) The defense proposes that the fingerprints of this person should be on the urn!


(D-Does that mean I was wrong again? Hmm... The urn was put in that bag and carried to the detective's office yesterday. That means the person I should be fingering is... the person who left their prints on the urn yesterday at the Atmey Detective Agency!)
Your Honor! Please give me just one more chance!
Forgive me, Your Honor. I've decided to think the whole thing over again.
Mr. Atmey... Do you recall the events of yesterday?
Hey! Wait a minute! We can't just open his private property!
H-Hang on a sec. I'm taking it out now... (Whatever it is, it feels... kinda hard... and smooth...)
It's true that I didn't get a chance to look in the bag at that time. But! I did touch what was inside.
And I remember it very well. It was "smooth and hard".
Your Honor! I'd like the court to examine the fingerprints on that urn. If my fingerprints are on there... Then it proves that the urn was in Detective Atmey's office!
Of course it does.
Not what I said, it's what Adrian Andrews, the person in charge of the exhibition said.
If she polished it that much, she must have removed any and all fingerprints on it. And the only chance I had to get my fingerprints on it after that was... Yesterday! At the Atmey Detective Agency!
(Yes! I've finally broken him down!)
(Yeah! I guess Mr. DeLite really wasn't the thief!)
(Oh no... He's not... This can't be happening...)
...

The true identity of the thief has already been proven! Please hurry and pass judg--
It's kinda cute... He's 100% committed to his fantasy.
(But this is how every trial goes... At least with me, anyway...)
*sigh*

You may think you're real Mask☆DeMasque... but your wife thinks you're delusional.
(With the way your room is decked out, how could she NOT know about it...?)
(What should I do? It sounds like we're about to get sidetracked... again.)
So why are you withholding the truth from your wife?
...Alright, that's enough. Please continue with your testimony. I beg of you.
(There's no point in digging through any more of their dirty laundry...) Well, why don't you continue with your testimony for now.

Umm... I thought you were going to be the one to show US the proof. You know, that you're the real Mask☆DeMasque and not just some kind of obsessed fanboy.
(Maybe because you're the one making the outrageous claim... for a change.)
I need some kind of proof that Ron couldn't possibly be Mask☆DeMasque...
(For the time being, maybe I need to shift strategy... I should try to show that Mr. DeLite couldn't have stolen the urn.)


You've got no alibi...?
(Hold on...)
Where was Ron DeLite when the crime happened anyway...? If we can prove he had an alibi after all, this case will be a piece of cake.
W-Well, I think maybe I can...
Of course not! Don't be ridiculous!
I have the evidence! Or do you think I'm still some sort of third-rate rookie!?
(I thought I was more confident than angry...)


Here's the evidence!
For some reason, the good Prosecutor really wants to prove that I'm "pathetic"...
(Oops. I guess I was wrong... Again.)


"Dancingly descended"...? From where exactly?
(So in actuality, he neither "danced" nor "descended"! ...Someone save me. Again.)

This is the photo that was taken by the security camera at the crime scene...
Yes, but don't forget there's something important missing. The real Mask☆DeMasque has a big broach on his chest!

You didn't notice it when your broach was torn off?
(There's a bit of clothing left on the back side of the broach. I don't think it could have been torn off that easily...)
Yeah, I guess so. (Let me hear that testimony one more time.)
I am nothing of the sort, thank you very much. (But I gotta admit it is kinda scary the way Ron acts...)
Mr. DeLite. This wallet belongs to you, correct?
Ah! No! You don't understand. This is an important piece of evidence.
Mr. DeLite... When did you first notice that you'd lost your wallet?
This wallet was found at approximately 1:00 AM at KB Security headquarters.
Yes... I am serious. This proves that Mr. DeLite was, in fact, at KB Security that night!
So if the defendant was at KB Security at 1 o'clock in the morning... ...then that proves that he has a watertight alibi!
Furthermore, considering the distance between Lordly Tailor and KB Security... ...it would have taken 30 minutes to get there by car! (According to Larry anyway...)
Yeah, he's like a kid at his first day of school...
Mr. DeLite. You probably dropped your wallet when you took it out to use this, didn't you? The key card to KB Security's CEO's office.
Wh-What...?
(Grrr! This stupid kid...!)


Here is your evidence!
Huh!? Well, um... Don't you know?
Doh...! (For some reason, it bothers me more when HE says it!)
Mr. DeLite... I believe you've seen this before, correct?
A blackmail letter. That's what it looks like from the contents.
Yes, basically it says, "bring $50,000 dollars".
At the time of the theft, Mr. DeLite was dealing with the blackmailer himself... ...in KB Security's CEO office, a full half an hour away from the scene of the crime!
Wh-What are you trying to say?
Huh!? Well, umm... No... I guess not.
("Not sure what I think of that?"... At least I know what I think of you...)
No, we don't have to track down the CEO at all.
There is someone else who can testify. This is the person who can testify that the key card was used at 1 AM that night!


(Umm, I haven't actually made any jokes... Not intentionally anyway...)
(The problem is the key card that was in Ron's wallet... Somehow I need to prove that the card was used at 1 o'clock in the morning.)
You don't remember him, Your Honor?
He probably blocked out that memory on purpose. Anyway, this man was working as a guard at KB Security that night.
The question at hand is this key card.
As you can see, there's no need to investigate the CEO of KB Security! We should be able to discover the truth simply by analyzing this key card's data!
So... So then...!
Wh-What's wrong, Your Honor?
No, Your Honor!
Oh! Ms. DeLite...!
Aww... Shucks... Thanks, Ms. DeLite. (I just know I'm blushing...)
Oh! P-Pearls...! (I've got a bad feeling about this...)
Oh, she... She's nobody... She's just ahh...
(Yeowch! She slapped me...)
Y-Yes!?
N-N-No! You've got it all wrong!
(Owww... A double slap...)
(If we won the case... ...then why does this guy still looks so glum...?)
M-Mr. Godot! What are you doing here!?
(Maybe you should learn my name before you call me "buddy"...)
Huh...?
1 AM on October 12th...? Y-You don't mean!?
S-So then... What are you doing here?
("Helped me out"? What!?)
(An employee of KB Security!?)
Wh-What!? This can't... This is impossible!
...!
(This guy... Who the heck is he!? He may be quiet... But he's the most dangerous enemy I've ever faced...)
...
Right in front of our every eyes, our client has been arrested for murder. And the one who established his presence at the scene... was me.
(Arrested for murder on the very same day he's declared innocent of larceny... What the heck's going to happen next!?)
Well, supposedly, Mr. DeLite was in the CEO's office when the murder occurred.
Um, ah... well, how about we get started looking into the KB Security murder?
(...Maybe Pearls is so caught up in her fantasy she forgot there's a murder to solve.)
...She's gone.
So, what do we do now?
Well fisrt, we need to find out exactly where KB Security is located.
Motorcycles...? You're not thinking of getting one, are you?
*sigh*... Speaking of asking around, I've got a few questions of my own for Mr. DeLite...
You must be relieved we got the Sacred Urn back, huh?
...?
Oh yeah... You're right.
(Maya doesn't know, but 1 year ago... when the urn was broken... ...the repairer accidentally turned Mystic Ami's name into "I AM". And that repairer was one mechanically unskilled little Pearls. But still... I don't remember ever seeing pink splotches on it.)
I'm sure Pearls'll find out about that once she gets back to Kurain Village.
(Now that I think about it... Maya hasn't been back to Kurain Village in a long time...)
So... I guess people still go to Kurain Village to do their training, right?
So why haven't you been training lately, Maya?
A "channeling dojo", huh...? Sounds pretty serious, whatever that is.
Is what happened last year still bothering you...?
(That murder in her village... It happened becasue the power of channeling was misused.)
So when an especially strong spirit is summoned... ...the spirit medium can get taken over and even forced to commit terrible crimes. What's worse, in those cases, the spirit medium has no memory of what happened.
That murder... it wasn't your fault, Maya. You know that, don't you?
(It sounds like being the Master of Kurain is going to be a heavy responsibility...)
So then how come you don't look any happier?
Don't you think you're overreacting just a little?
...I guess... it would be... um... a real disaster...?
According to this data, the thief showed up at the basement warehouse at...
Yeah, but remember, this data came from Atmey... For all we know, he might have somehow tampered with it.
(Yeah, and the security camera belonged to Lordly Tailor. Atmey couldn't have tampered with the photo's timestamp to show the wrong time...)
It looks that way. (Atmey knew there was a security camera set up in the basement... So I'm guessing this photo was probably a part of his elaborate plan...)
It's still bent, isn't it?
Well, it looks like he ended up the bent one after he turned out to be the thief. He must have damaged the sword himself to back up his phony story.
Yeah, it looks like it. (Sounds like we still need to do some more poking around...)
(Was that a threat? Is she trying to blackmail ME now...?)
This was found in the building where the crime took place on the very night of the murder. And according to the time record on the key card inside...
I guess so... After all, he did admit it.
(I-I'm not sure...)
That's the only explanation I can think of. I guess he wanted to make sure it looked like he'd struggled with the thief that night.
...! (Maybe I shouldn't show this picture to too many people... And yet... I've walked around my whole life, showing this face of mine to the world... I wonder if I've just been making a fool of myself with this silly face...)
Yeah. But she tends to let her imagination get the best of her, though.
You're telling me! I think she knocked a few teeth loose. (Pearls is only 9, but it's amazing how emotionally strong she is. After all... the onlt "family" she has left is her only cousin, Maya.)
Detective Atmey seemed to really enjoy himself today. Maybe a little too much.
Great, glad you had fun while I was getting abused by the prosecutor... as always.
Yeah, I've known him since elementary school.
I guess so. But I can hardly remember them... They've been erased by all the traumatic ones.
Don't ask me.
I've never met that guy before in my life! And believe me, he's not exactly forgettable.
You're right about one thing. He sure acts like he knows me.
Trust me, I'd like to stop doing that, too. My poor body can only take so much. (Who is that guy anyway? And what's his story? I wonder if I'll ever find out...)
Maya...
(Maybe I can cheer her up somehow...) Well, now that we've got the Sacred Urn back, maybe they can reopen it?
Sure! Maybe we can label it, "The Urn of Mask☆DeMasque's Desires"! That would probably attract a lot of attention!
(Wow, that was surprisingly easy...)
Ms. Andrews... (What's she still hanging around down here for?)
The urn...? Oh, that. It's been taken care of already.
That's what he said.
(The camera belonged to Lordly Tailor, so he knew he couldn't tamper with it... So then why would Atmey, I mean, Mask☆DeMasque, allow that to happen...?)
(It looks like Adrian feels really bad about it...)
It looks like the door to the actual storeroom. I can see lots of big boxes and stuff back there.
Remember, Maya. Ms. Andrews said we're not allowed in there.
The statue wasn't where it is now when we first came here, right?
Well, if someone moved it, it was probably Mask☆DeMasque.
...Hey! Cut it out! You're giving me the creeps with that kind of talk!
It says "ORGANI".
Yeah, well I guess no one else could read it either, because this place is a mess.
It looks that way right now.
Don't blame yourself. You were just doing your job.
And when was it that Mask☆DeMasque's calling card arrived?
So he sent a calling card to the very place he was hired to guard...
(I guess so...)
Well, that's how things look right now.
Well... We're talking about a criminal mastermind, so anything is possible.
He claims that's the way he always operates...
Yeah, he was caught on the crime scene photo dressed up as Mask☆DeMasque pretty well.
Yes... But there's still something that bothers me about it.
I'm not exactly sure... But somehow the urn that came back seems different...
(A Psyche-Lock...!)
It means the person that holds the secret to the mystery of the Sacred Urn... ...is our very own Ms. Andrews!
So... Do you know anything about the Sacred Urn?
(So Adrian does know something that she's not telling us...)
(I'd like to know myself. Another loose end to tie up, I guess.)
I've got an idea! Why don't you redo the whole poster?
Atmey... I mean, Mask☆DeMasque... He sent a calling card to the very exhibit he was hired to guard...
By the way, it looks like this statue was moved on the night of the theft... Do you know anything about that?
(Why is she so flustered all of a sudden...?)
(It looks like Adrian feels really bad about it...)
...Be serious.
(I guess that's one way to look at spirit mediums... since they're all woman...)
Yeah, I guess you should have.
(It's a good thing he's not here to hear us talking about him...)
I can't say I blame her. She's the one who hired the fox to guard the henhouse.
That should've made me happy. but she just admitted she's terrible at judging people...
(Looks like the Treasure Exhibit is the only thing she has on her mind...)
Whoa, this place is literally crawling with cops!
Yeah, I guess they're trying to make up for it by tearing the place apart. Hey, I just noticed... Gumshoe is nowhere to be seen.
But wasn't he in charge of the Mask☆DeMasque investigation all the way up to yesterday?
(Points for the quality of the impression, but I'm not sure Gumshoe has bloodlust, Maya.)
Well, Mr. Ace Detective did make complete and utter fools out of them...
(I guess we might as well call it a day for this place and go look somewhere else.)
Sounds like they're interrogating Mr. DeLite right now.
Yeah, well, I guess the police are going crazy just like we are. Yesterday they thought he was just a thief, but now they got a murder case on their hands.
Come on. We'll just have to come back later.
Ms. DeLite...
Yeah... but I guess it ended up hurting his case...
...Alright. I'll poke around and see what I can find out.
(I had no idea Ms. DeLite had such a vulnerable side.)
There's a whole bunch of stuff piled up over here.
... (Did the police even investigate this place...?)
Oh?
It's a bunch of cheap costume pieces arranged inside a nice frame.
There's also a mask made out of cardboard...
H-Hey! Cut it out...
Thanks, but no thanks!
(Hmmm... This thing looks vaguely familiar.)
I think it's a helmet. ...An alien helmet.
I think it's a transceiver. ...An alien transceiver.
(I wonder if KB Security was in charge of security at the event from that old case?)
There's a tape recorder hanging from his neck.
There are a bunch of books lying here. They're all romantic-sounding novels about famous heists and fantastic thieves.
Let's see here... "Note: Must remember this thief's way of laughing. Very useful." "Note: A calling card is an important part of any good thief's modus operandi!"
(Well, I guess you can chalk that one down as fulfilled...)
...Yeah, well I think she deserves some of the blame for not bringing it up either.
Yeah, but you have to admit he's got a bit of a temper to him. It's not that hard to imagine him just snapping and screaming, "Please diiiiie!"
Ms. DeLite, I hate to say it, but you're the one living in a fantasy world.
Hmm... I guess I just don't get it...
I just can't understand how they can be so different, and yet, be such a happy couple!
So then... you went there to ask him some questions?
(I wouldn't exactly call that office of his a "hideout"...)
(So she thinks he still works there, huh... Oh, that's right. According to what we heard today...)
(...But he quit. He doesn't work there anymore.)
Larry told me it takes 30 minutes by car...
(To make it to KB Security that fast, are you sure you aren't literally flying...?)
Um, ahh... N-No...! I'll pass, th-thanks! Wh-Why don't you just tell us where it is and we'll go ourselves.
(Ms. DeLite told us the location of KB Security.)
R-Robbers?
(Yeah... I would too, if I were in that situation.)
(That high-pitched shriek of his does have a surprisingly strong effect on people...)
*sniff sniff* Th-That's so romantic... I'd fall in love too, I guess.
(With Maya, that possibility always seems to loom in the not so distant future. *gulp*)
Umm... Do you know about this?
(So it's true then. He must have dropped it at the crime scene...)
(That's probably because Ron doesn't work there anymore...)
Who knows... Maybe it's exactly like this house.
...I'll be sure to tell that to your husband.
Um, ah, yeah, she did... (Of all the ways she could remember Pearls by... Why?)
(Great... I can tell I'm in for a reprise of the "Hundred Hand Slap"...)
(*gulp* OK, I think I get it... ...And I think I can see why Ron didn't tell her how he was earning that money.)
...Huh?
(What's even more sad is said man probably believes in those like they're his life-lines.)
Plus, he lobbed a coffee grenade at me!
So I guess this is where it all went down, huh...?
(What has that got to do with anything...?)
Oh, it's Detective Gumshoe.
(Now if this little love-fest is over, maybe we can start investigating...)
I bet four Pearls would fit in there.
It's pretty amazing alright. Motion sensors, heat sensors, weight sensors...
If I broke into one of these, wouldn't that set me down the path to hoodlumvile?
...I don't think so.
Yeah, I think this string shows where and how the corpse was lying.
(Sh-She can't be serious... Can she...?)
Tall mountains rising majestically against a dark and cloudy sky...
Either this guy didn't get out enough or he had really rotten luck with the weather.
This must be the CEO's desk. It's a lot simpler than I would have thought.
Check out this big, thick binder here...
(Reading a file isn't exactly back-breaking work, just a little hard on the eyes...) ...Ah!
This file... It's not about any sort of security operations or anything! This huge file is all about Mask☆DeMasque! It's filled with info on him!
It's filled with incredibly detailed information about his methods and the crime scenes.
It's a list. Let's see... "Tear of Emanon... $100,000" ...This looks like a list of all the treasures that Mask☆DeMasque stole.
...I don't know, that number sounds kind of low to me. (I think I'd better secretly make a copy of this list.)
What is that button anyway?
...Really? Then it's possible on the night of the crime...
(Hmm... I think we'd better go and talk to that guard about this emergency buzzer.)
These look like some kind of bookshelf/rolling cabinet hybrid.
Don't strain yourself trying. It looks like the shelves are controlled by a special panel.
Yeah, files filled with data about security jobs they were hired to handle.
(It happened at exactly the same time that Mask☆DeMasque was stealing the urn, huh...)
Safe...? (Well, it is pretty big...)
Oh, so the body fell out... (That white string must be the shape from when he fell out.)
(Maybe you could start by getting the man's name right.)
Ah, no no. I didn't mean him. He's not the real thief anyway, right?
That would explain how he was able to retrieve the stolen item he keeps bragging about.
His first heist...?
(It's pretty small so it's kind of hard to see, but now that she mentions it...)
So who is that java addicted, masked maniac anyway?
That's right, he said this was his first case as a prosecutor!
(That Godot guy acts like he knows me and has a grudge against me... I get the feeling he's hiding some kind of dark secret...)
Can you tell us some more about Mr. Bullard?
Oh? And?
(Please stop leaning in towards me like that... You aren't getting to my wallet.)
(Lemme go already...)
(So it really was Bullard who sent Ron the blackmail letter, huh...?)
I can't believe you ate the whole thing in one go...
Good point. Why go after a worthless piece of junk like...
I, um... I mean worthless in a good way I mean, this is a first for the guy... (Adrian Andrews hired Atmey as security before the calling card even came... I wonder if that has anything to do with how things played out...?)
The thief in the photo taken by the security camera is missing his broach...
(I turned the tables at the trial today with the mystery of this missing broach. I wonder if there's something more to this missing piece of costume jewelry?)
About this blackmail letter...
Well, Mr. DeLite used to work at KB Security, right? But what was it that made him quit?
(His wallet... and this key card, huh...)
Hey! Wait a minute, Maya!
We copied that data without permission... Don't show it to him. He might get mad at us.
By witness, do you mean the guard in this photo?
Yeah, and he seems to have a habit of always getting arrested prematurely.
Come on, we don't have time to start with that. Let's just leave it alone.
(Yeah, but what about what's inside the coat...?)
Yeah, well I think we saw a little too much of his colors today...
Why would I know something?
(Exactly. You'd think I'd remember someone like him...)
Well, you were the victim up until Mr. Bullard was found dead.
Anyway, we don't have enough information yet. Can you help us out?
(I can see your eyes and the years... ...but the jury is still out on the brain thing...)
(Note to self: Keep hair away from Gumshoe's head.)
No, it's "Kane Bullard"!
Well, why don't you remember at least the "Bull" part of his name and riff off of that?
(Hmm... We still don't know very much about this victim.)
It looks that way. (But we still need to look into this guy some more.)
Well, now he's an ex-boss. Someone killed him last night.
(Even if he did, you think she'd ever tell you about it...?)
Wow... This is really something else.
("KB Security Guard"...! Uh oh, I just remembered... Larry might be...)
(Ugh! So he IS here...)
No, that's not what we're here for. We're investigating the Bullard murder case.
(He's so hopelessly clueless.)
Your... partner?
Something is written on this poster in fine print.
...Yeah, sounds scary alright.
...Hey, Larry. That's your jacket, isn't it?
Yeah, but for a different reason...
Did you say, "Hmm"?
(How did this guy ever get a job here anyway...?)
I wouldn't sound so smug if I were you.
(If anyone would sit here and watch TV instead of working, it's Larry.)
And how do you know that, Larry?
"Instruction manual"...? What are you going to do in an emergency?
(Even Maya and Pearls could run this place better.)
So what's this "good info" you were talking about, Larry?
(He wants a bribe? I thought professionals were more, I don't know... HONEST!?) ...Can you talk to him, Maya?
(No, that's just you...)
So what is it like to be a part-time security guard?
(So in other words, you basically watch TV screens all day long...)
You were in this office when the murder took place, weren't you?
Even if it is part-time and you are dumb, you're still in charge of security here!
...Huh?
Anyway, the point is you were here that night, right?
(Oh no, I knew something smelled bad, and it was the Butz after all...)
(It looks like I'm going to have to break his Psyche-Lock after all.)
(Argh... I won't get anywhere if I can't break this Psyche-Lock... I think I have to present Maya's Magatama to get the ball rolling here...)
Hey, Larry, there's something I want you to look at...
(We're gonna have to sqeeze this guy if we want to get more info out of him, huh?)

On the night of the crime, were you working hard like you were supposed to?
But didn't you sneak out of work just yesterday to go see Ms. DeLite?
Is there any chance that you snuck out of work last night, too...?
(A dollar, wow! Now that's confidence!)
(The evidence that Larry was not manning his station when the murder happened is...)


This is the key card to the CEO's office, right?
This key card was found inside a wallet.

(Hmmm... Larry seems pretty relieved...)
(I'm going to break this Psyche-Lock if it's the last thing I do!)
This wallet... You know about this, right?
Liar! You hand delivered this wallet to Ms. DeLite just yesterday!
Well, I do expect you to remember something that happened just yesterday!
What time was it when you found this last night?
That's right. In other words, Larry... At the time the of the murder, you were away from the security guard office!
What's that?
...What do you mean by that?
(Why do I have the feeling that he still doesn't get the seriousness of this...?) Listen up, Larry. We know beyond a shadow of a doubt that... the killer "snuck" into the CEO's office after 10:00 PM, during your shift!


(I've never seen anyone look so relieved in my whole life...)
(I guess I'm gonna have to rattle his cage a little bit more...)
Larry... When you use this key card, does it leave a record?
That key card data was already made public in the trial today.
(Boy does that sound a bit arrogant coming from a part time guard...) Anyway, according to the data, the door to the CEO's office was opened with this card... Furthermore, it was most definitely used at 1 AM, the time of the murder!
Yes, someone used this to get into the CEO's office. That happened at 1 AM on the night of the crime. Right in the middle of your shift!
Larry, you can't duck your responsibility this time!
What happened that night anyway?
(I got a bad feeling about this...)
S-So is that why you left the security guard office?
Oh boy...
Larry...
(She's right. Maybe we'll get at least one bit of useful information from him...)
You're a security guard, aren't you? Why didn't you come to the CEO's office!?
(It's as if he's trying to win an award for the laziest preson on the planet...)
There must be a record, right? You must have had a look at it, right?
He's probably right... I don't think even Larry could make a mistake like that...
OK, enough already! What about the records?
Wow, I've never seen Larry look so serious. I actually believe him...
This is one of Kurain's greatest treasures.
Yeah, but he still hasn't told us anything useful.
Umm... Nobody ever accused you of being a thief.
...At least pay for the food, because I'm not defending you again.
Huh? Who is this "Alexis"?
... (Now he's starting to sound like the Larry I know.)
So was this the card that was used by the culprit that night...?
Do you think you could tell us about the buzzer now?
Plus, do you honestly have any new info on the buzzer record?
(This guy reflects about as much as a piece of black carpeting...)
Uhh, sure.
(It's hard to imagine Larry not screwing up at any age.)
I'm impressed that you can still think like that, Larry. After all, you went through some pretty tough times as a kid...
(Something tells me it's more about self-induced amnesia than having a pure heart...)
(Poor Detective Gumshoe...)
Forget about it. You don't need to know and I'm not telling you.
How do you know that!?
(He has to be making that up... He can't really know Adrian... Can he...?)
Good! That's the way you be! ...What exactly are you thinking about, though?
Larry, I think... Forget it. We're just gonna have to have a nice long talk next time...
Uh, yeah, I kinda noticed...
(So, in order to pay the lowest wage possible, he went to the bottom of the barrel.)
...
It's just that he seems so... I don't know... "pleasent".
(This guy really needs to get his mind out of the gutter...)
...Mr. DeLite, you lied to us before, didn't you?
On the same night the Sacred Urn was stolen from Lordly Tailor Department Store... ...a blackmail letter you got summoned you to KB Security to hand over some money. And then, that's where the CEO, Kane Bullard, was murdered. But... there's only one Ron DeLite, am I right? So the only question is... Where were you that night? This time I want to hear the whole truth... Your life depends on it.
This guard monitors the visitor's room. He looks pretty nervous... ...standing near someone who went from thief to murderer overnight.
Mr. DeLite, do you still insist that you are Mask☆DeMasque...?
Tell me about it. To be honest, it's starting to get irritating.
So then the person dressed up as Mask☆DeMasque in this photo...
So that night, you didn't go to Lordly Tailor, you went to KB Security, right?
(That's probably when he dropped his wallet...)
"Someone"...?
So that's why you put it in the safe...?
(Please don't say that...)
(So he became Mask☆DeMasque for Desirée, huh...?)
So, did you start receiving blackmail letters after this incident...?
Is that right... Hey! Hang on a second! What do you mean you had to "give it up"?
(No one said anything about me being worried, you know...)
(So Ron DeLite was Mask☆DeMasque after all...? But... Someone else is behind the thefts. Someone who planned it all out in detail!)
(Could you try not to look so gleeful about it...?)
Mr. DeLite... Is everything you've just told me the truth?
You make it sound like you had nothing to do with the theft.
This calling card... Did you send this?
(That's true... He did get that blackmail letter, after all...)
It looks that way. I can't think of anyone else.
(Well, that's reassuring...)
Yes, but... This isn't you, right Mr. DeLite?
(The blackmail letter said to meet at KB Security...)
So is that when you dropped it?
What are you still doing with this key card anyway? Didn't you return it when you left your job at KB Security?
(It looks like Ron had totally forgotten about what happened at the trial today... That he was declared "not guilty" of being Mask☆DeMasque...)
This list... We found it in the office of the CEO, Mr. Bullard.
And that's the value of each item listed next to them. "100,000 dollars"... "150,000 dollars"...
(I guess he knows about that stuff because he used to be a security guard...)
Well, at this point, I don't really know yet. (After all, there were no prints on it, or anything else for that matter.)
(Nice and easy to figure out! Even Pearls could see through that in a heartbeat.)
Detective Atmey found the Mask☆DeMasque disguise? (Hmm, that's interesting...)
(So that's it... That's when Atmey got his hands on this.)
Wh-What are you talking about? Hurry! Tell me what you mean!
Do you know anything about that, Mr. DeLite?
(Why am I not surprised by how clueless he is anymore...)
Mr. DeLite, are you absolutely sure about this testimony? That you stole the treasures as you were directed by a series of blackmail letters...
(He doesn't look like he's lying...)
(I guess he's talking about the Sacred Urn...)
Well, isn't that obvious?
(If beauty is in the eye of the beholder, I'm convinced that these two are blind.)
Studying!? Like what? Pretty Larceny 101? The History of Pilfering?
(That's exactly what your wife said about you...)
Hey, hang on a second! This is the guy that had you arrested for murder!
(What in the world do you see in that coffee-crazed prosecutor!?)
Do you have any idea what might have happened? Was there anyone that might have wanted him dead?
Wait, wait, do you mean he scared people, or that he threaten them with blackmail?
What do you think about this?
Don't worry, you didn't miss anything.
Ron, before we go, there's one more thing I want to ask you.
Mr. Kane Bullard... Do you swear that it wasn't you who killed him?
(I guess I have no choice but to take Mr. DeLite at his word.)
Hey Pearls. So what have you been up to this whole time...?
Why are we talking about the pink splotches again? What's the big deal?
O-OK, OK! We'll go find out how they got there!
(Maybe if we take another good look at this urn... ...we can figure out the mystery of what actually happened here...)
This box, there's something about it that's bothering me.
I think I know how the paint got on it now...
It looks to me like it's been dry for several days.
(So then the question is... What's the cause of the odd shape...?)
It looks to me like it's been dry for several days.
Yeah... I'm pretty sure this is it.
If you look here, there's a little bit of paint on the box as well!
...
This is all turning out exactly as I thought it would...!
(I think it's all starting to become clear... We're that much closer to solving the mystery of what happened to the urn...)
It looks to me like it's been dry for several days.
Yeah... I'm pretty sure this is it.
If you look here, there's a little bit of paint on the box as well!
...
This is all turning out exactly as I thought it would...!
But... We're not entirely convinced it's the same urn. Ms. Andrews, we want you to cooperate with us.
You're not going to throw is off the trail with flattery. I want to know about the paint on this box...
(Some people just have a matural gift for lying... Adrian's not one of them.)
Ms. Andrews, about the paint that's all over the wall...
(Uh oh. I'd better do something to calm them down, and fast!)

Ms. Andrews, do you know anything about the Sacred Urn?
The urn that was submitted before the court today... ...It's obviously not the same urn as before!
...A fake?


Well, Ms. Andrews?
Huh?
(Oops, I guess this isn't going to help me much...)
Sorry to break it to you, but the urn is the genuine article. Pearls went back to Kurain Village and had it examined.
What she discovered was that the vase was broken... again.
Yes. It was broken once a year ago. And now it looks like the same thing has happened. And quite recently, too...
Yes. That's exactly what I'm saying.


Huh?
Uh, well... B-Because... ...Umm, I just think so.
(Grr... The hunter has become the hunted!) W-Well it was! It was broken recently! Come on! You know it! I'm not willing to yield to you on this point!
This poster... It was made recently, right?
At the time when this photo was taken, the urn said, "I AM" on it. But now, for some mysterious reason, it says, "AMI"! When the urn was fixed, the letters were transposed!
That was a mistake. Now... Tell the truth.
For?
...Huh?
(Hmm... It looks like I still haven't broken the entire Psyche-Lock...)

Well, Ms. Andrews?
This urn has these pretty little pink paint splotches on it.
And there's some on the box the urn was stored in, too! No matter how you look at it, the paint seems to be exactly the same, wouldn't you say?
That the urn was dropped along with the box! That's when they both got paint on them. ...Are you with me so far?
The rest of story is obvious. "This box was dropped right here in Lordly Tailor's basement warehouse." ...If I can prove that, it means that the urn was broken here, too.


Well, Ms. Andrews!?
Huh...?
(Uh oh, she's turning this thing around on me now...)
I-I can relax later, after I've solved this mystery! (Argh! The answer is right here! I know it! Maybe I need to investigate the warehouse some more...?)
I think you already know where I'm going to this, don't you?
There's pink paint splattered on the floor and walls of this basement warehouse. But there's an odd shape imprinted into a part of the paint satin, am I right?

Well, Ms. Andrews?
There is pink paint all over this urn.
And there is pink paint all over the floor and walls of this basement warehouse. In other words... This urn was broken there!
You can't weasel out of this one, Ms. Andrews.
(Uh-oh. She's trying to make her escape...!)
Well there's none in my office, that's for sure!
(Liar!)
(Come on! This is getting ridiculous!) The proof linking the paint on the urn to the paint on the floor is...


Well, Ms. Andrews!?
Huh...?
(Uh oh, she's turning this thing around on me now...)
I-I can relax later, after I've solved this mystery! (Argh! The answer is right here! I know it! Maybe I need to investigate the warehouse some more...?)
This box... The urn was stored in this, right?
Well, there's pink paint on this box as well.
I think you already know where I'm going with this, don't you?
The paint on the floor has an odd shape imprinted in it, doesn't it?

Well, Ms. Andrews?
Excuse me?
(Grrr, I guess that wasn't the right piece of evidence.) I-I think you're mixing up the me of a year ago and the me of today, Ms. Andrews!
If you put this box into the impression in the paint, you can see it fits perfectly.
Which means this box was dropped right here! And that... is when the urn was broken!
(...Boy does this make me feel like some sort of evil school teacher.)
(Yeah, as clumsy as she is, I'm sure Maya understands...)
(Oh, Pearls... She said she wasn't very good at spelling...)
(The Ami Fey statue... Aha!)
The first time that we came down here... It was on the night that the Sacred Urn was stolen.
(She's right about that...) Well, Ms. Andrews?
(On the day before the theft, the statue was definitely closer to the door! Then the next day, it was moved. But why...?)
It looks like... ...there's some connection between the Sacred Urn and the murder case.
Because that night... the real thief, Ron DeLite, was at KB Security. ...So then why did another Mask☆DeMasque show up here? A lot of different things are pointing to one undeniable fact.
(The murder trial is starting tomorrow... It looks like that thief is going to be making another appearance...)
What is it this time?
Well... It is a murder case.
"Next door"...?
Detective Atmey...?
Already? That was fast...
By the way, where's Pearls?
Pearls has really gotten into her training lately, huh?
You don't mean... You're the murderer...!?
(Now, let's see... According to Mr. DeLite... From his second crime on, he was following a bunch of set plans. Plans that someone had been sending to him to "help" him commit the heists.)
It's possible... But today's trial is a race against the clock.
I'm afraid... That's not an option.
The defense is ready, Your Honor.
(Ugh... He's got the judge in the palm of his hands... Yet again...)
(Wow... The judge is taking charge like he knows what's going on for a change...)
(I remember when Mia was defending me... She allowed me to testify so she could do the cross-examination... She put a lot of trust in me back then...) We have no objections, Your Honor. The defense will allow Mr. DeLite to testify.
What?
And once he opens his big mouth he'll probably put the last nail in his own coffin...

1 AM, huh... You're absolutely sure about that?

It "ordered you there"?

Aha ha! Why don't you save those for later, Mr. DeLite? (Pleeease don't say any more! ...Now, what should do I do?)
(I can't press Ron too hard... It could ruin the case. I'll just take this one slowly...)

So what did the blackmail letter in question say...?
(A muddy mudskipper in outer space has a better chance of surviving than I do.)

Just what were you being "blackmailed" about anyway?
(So that's why Ms. DeLite didn't believe he was Mask☆DeMasque.)
What do you mean?
(Hmm... Is that really true?)
The fact that Ron was stealing company data... I wonder if he would've had a problem if that ever became public knowledge...?
...Nah, I guess not.
Always avoid unpleasant or inconvenient facts... That's one of my rules.
Mr. DeLite... I believe you would have been in considerable trouble... ...if your identity as a company data thief was made public.
Th-That's exactly right!
L-Little lawyer amigo...?


(Just when I thought it wasn't possible, a whole new level of irritation rises before me...)
(Do you think you could rephrase that, Your Honor...? For my sake...?)


You used to be a security chief for KB Security, right?
(This isn't good. Maybe I should change the subject...?)
What did you do after being fired from KB Security?
(Not good! This is going from bad to worse...)

S-So you wanted to try drawing a comic, right? ...About masked men!

Your Honor! Let's move along, shall we!?
(Way to bring the spinning buzz saw one notch closer to your own neck, Ace Attorney.)
(I should just avoid this whole subject... At least for now.)
(Ack! I knew I should've said something!)
Mr. DeLite. Please tell us why you were fired from your job.
O-OK, then I take it ba--
...Come again?
Whaaaaaaaaaa! (I wish I had never asked that...)
(Oh man... This whole thing just took a big turn for the worse, crashed, and blew up. ...It's gonna take the jaws of life to rip this case from the clutches of disaster.)

Why would you do something like that?
Wasting money, huh...?
So it would seem.
(I can't believe it. This case has gotten even Maya to think seriously about couples...)
Sounds like he's avoiding something... At least, that's what it sounds like to me.
But if we don't find a way to make him spill the beans... ...we'll never get closer to the truth.
Mr. DeLite... What you said just now doesn't match what you told me yesterday.
i think you must have been scared... Very scared. Of having a certain person find out your secret...
Ms. Desirée DeLite. The defendant's wife.
(Grr! Godot!)
(No! Everything is falling neatly into place for him!)
I didn't think it was possible to get so thoroughly whipped in just 20 minutes...
Ugggh...
(Of course, since Atmey turned out to be the culprit himself, that was all a lie.)
You don't need to worry about that, Mr. Godot... (I have faith in Ron... I know he didn't do it...!)

Who was this "suspicious shadow"?
OK, then how was the victim, Mr. Bullard, at that time?
Was he already dead? Was he still alive? Maybe he was the one who hit you in the first place.
...F-Forget it.

Your forehead...?
Do you remember anything about who hit you?
Yeah, I'd like to show him a fast and powerful attack himself. Maybe that would knock some sense back into him...

"That"? Could you please clarify what you are referring to?
(I don't recall him ever mentioning it to me either...)

Why were you dressed up as Mask☆DeMasque?
Oh boy...
"Took a lot longer"...? (What is he talking about...?)
(I think I'll wait and see how this develops...)
Because it'll probably end up causing more trouble. I'll tackle it once I'm mentally prepared.
Um... What do you mean by "took a lot longer"...?
Do you mean that Mr. DeLite hid the body because he's the murderer?
Uh, well... Yes.
(Uh oh... Looks like a storm front is moving over the fair-weather judge.)

"When you came to"...?
Do you know when your assailant made their escape, and to where...?
Huh...?
I-I don't know why you're telling me...

Why did you hide the body in the safe anyway?
Uh, that's not exactly what I meant...
Nngh... (Hold on... "10 minutes"...?)
I just had a thought... Under those circumstances, would you normally try to hide the body...? And spend 10 whole minutes to do it?
(That's it! I'll take a look at the Court Record, and present some evidence!)

There's not much in this testimony either.
I wouldn't be surprised. We'll just have to draw it out of him.
Your Honor, could you please take a look at this record?
The record for the emergency buzzer that connects the CEO's office to security. If the button in the office is pressed, a security team is supposed to come running...
And according to this record, the buzzer was pushed once, at 1:02 AM!
If Mr. Ron DeLite truly was the murderer... ...he would have run as soon as that buzzer sounded! After all, a security guard would've been heading his way!

Up until one year ago, my client was working as a chief of security! There's no way he wouldn't have known about them!
That was nothing more than a coincidence! The fact that the guard was a pathetic loser... ...who had just gotten punched in the face by his ex's new boyfriend... ...and wasn't anywhere in the vicinity was not something Mr. DeLite could have known!

This buzzer is extremely loud. There is no way he could've ignored something like that! IF he had been conscious, that is.
Remember the defendant's testimony. The moment he entered the victim's office, someone attacked him... Mr. DeLite said he felt "dazed"... I'm willing to wager that he was knocked unconscious for at least a few minutes.
That's why Mr. DeLite didn't know that the buzzer had sounded. And that's why... he thought he had time to hide the body!
Mr. DeLite was knocked out, and the buzzer went off soon afterwards... Now, unless my client was able to hit the buzzer while he was unconscious... It can only mean that there was another person in that room! That's right! Whoever it was knocked out Ron DeLite and then pressed the buzzer!

Then who pressed the buzzer?
ACK!!
(I need to prove that the real criminal was there at the scene! But how? Can I prove that it wasn't Kane Bullard who sounded the buzzer?)
The defense... admits there is no evidence to the contrary. It is possible that the victim himself sounded the buzzer...
(Argh! I guess I need to show some sort of evidence after all...!)
The defense's opinion is this, Your Honor! This piece of evidence proves that it wasn't the victim who sounded the buzzer!


...Maybe just a little.
Come, listen more carefully! Maybe the truth will be elegantly revealed...?
I believe this is the piece of incontrovertible evidence you were looking for!
Absolutely not.
The fact that there are absolutely no clues... is itself the clue.
This button has no fingerprints on it. If Mr. Bullard had really pressed it himself... ...naturally, he would have left his fingerprints behind!

Why would he? A guard could have come in at any moment!

The defendant, Mr. DeLite, was dressed as Mask☆DeMasque. And Mask☆DeMasque... always wears gloves! What reason could he possibly have had to wipe the button free of fingerprints!?
...
...
.........
J-Just give me a minute to collect my thoughts...! The real culprit killed Mr. Bullard at around 1 AM.
The killer clobbered Mr. DeLite, and then sounded the buzzer.
("Security was supposed to respond"? Hmm...)
Very well then...
In all probability... the killer didn't mean to press it.
It's possible that they simply pressed it by accident. It could have been with their back during the scuffle, for example.
Huh?
...Ack!
(Argh! One more time! I've got to calm down and think quick!)
In all probability... the killer didn't know what the button was for.
The killer probably thought, "I wonder what this does?" and pressed it to find out!
Huh?
Doh!
(Argh! One more time! I've got to calm down and think quick!)
The killer knew that if they pressed that button, a guard would come running. And that was exactly what they wanted.
Yes... Although as it turned out, he never showed up.
No, I'm not. When that buzzer sounded, there were three people in that office. The victim, Kane Bullard, who was already dead. The defendant, Ron DeLite, who was out cold. And... The third person. The real killer.
Now then... In this situation, if the real killer made an escape, what would happen? The only ones left in the room would be the victim, and Ron DeLite...
Yes! That was precisely the real killer's objective. To frame Ron DeLite for the murder!
We're going to drag that person in here right now!
I don't have any solid proof yet... but think about it. The killer knew Mr. DeLite's identity. And they also knew... ...that he had been called to KB Security that night... So, the killer used him to execute a well-crafted plan to murder Kane Bullard!


Naturally... the true culprit was none other than... Ron DeLie's wife, Desirée!
E-Excuse me?
Aaaah!! (I forgot all about that...)
(Talk about things you never want to hear this judge say to you...)

Well, yeah. Who else could it be?
Hmm, I wonder...
(It looks like I'd better think this through again...)
Detective Luke Atmey... He's the only one who could have done it.
Your Honor, the person being tried in the court next to us... ...is not Mask☆DeMasque at all. He is, in actuality... the true murderer of Kane Bullard!
Theft and murder... Which is the more serious crime?
Please remember the trial from yesterday, if you would. When Luke Atmey confessed, there was a huge commotion in the courtroom.
Instead of being convicted of murder, he was found guilty of grand larceny. ...That was his true objective all along.
Mask☆DeMasque had the perfect alibi for when the murder took place. He was stealing the urn at Lordly Tailor. ...In other words! Being found guilty as Mask☆DeMasque... ...was Luke Atmey's airtight, watertight, and unassailable alibi.
...!
... (Am I really sure about this...?)
Mr. DeLite...
(Thanks... But... My decision will determine the rest of your life! Can I really risk your life like this...?)
...! (Wh-What was that...?)
(Th-That voice... It-It sounds like... M-Mia...!) Your Honor! The defense requests an immediate recess!
Yes, Your Honor!

Wait! Don't hand down your verdict yet! Please!
My name is Phoenix Wright, attorney at law. And I wish to file an accusation against this man, Luke Atmey!
That man is not Mask☆DeMasque. He's just a ruthless murderer!
I could have sworn I heard Mia's voice.
Oh, Ms. DeLite...
To be honest... we don't have any definite proof. But he's the only one who could have done it.
... Oops, it's almost time! Better get back to the courtroom. (I need to find some solid proof... and it's gotta happen sooner rather than later!)
I couldn't let them hand down your verdict just yet. Not when it would have given you your perfect alibi. An alibi by the name of "Mask☆DeMasque"...
So you continue to insist that you are, in fact, "Mask☆DeMasque"?
(Everything else up until now was all part of his plan. There has to be a secret to this picture as well!)

Unfortunately, Mr. Atmey, we still have to do your cross-examination.
The only thing that's full of it is his alibi!

So this photograph is the proof, correct?
And the man in the photo is certainly wearing a mask.
But conveniently, that also means that there is no way to tell who this really is.
(If Luke Atmey was at KB Security during the murder... ...then the Mask☆DeMasque in this picture has to be a fake.) ...Exactly. You had an accomplice!
Umm... It was this person.
W-Well... T-The aura! The aura that this person has around them is...
(Nnrgh... I jumped the gun on that one!)
(If Luke Atmey was at KB Security during the murder... ...then the Mask☆DeMasque in this picture has to be a fake.)
But right now, I have no idea who it was.
(Baseless objections are just what that guy wants... There's got to be another way... And I'm going to find it!)

I believe Adrian Andrews hired you at one point?
You sent the calling card to Lordly Tailor 10 days before the heist... That would mean you seat out the card after you began your security watch, right?
Hm?
(You know, that's true... It is kind of odd.)

So by "photograph", you mean this piece of evidence here. Is that correct?
The very thing... that proves you committed the crime... (When you think about it... It's really odd...) You say that almost as if you had this picture taken on purpose...
(It looks like I'd better gather more information for now... If he's truly the killer... there's got to be something phony in that video.)

So by "photograph", you mean this piece of evidence here. Is that correct?
The very thing... that proves you committed the crime...
(Come on, think long and hard about that night... The basement warehouse, and this picture that supposedly captures it... It's got to be here... Isn't there something "funny" about this picture?)
Unfortunately... I don't see anything wrong.
What is it, Maya?
(It looks like I need to apporach this from a different angle...)
You bet I am. There's definitely something strange about this picture. We took a look around the basement warehouse that night, before the theft took place. And there's something in this photo that doesn't match my memory of that night!


This part here!
Unfortunately... I'm afraid you can't call this a "date stamp"! ...Because there is no sign of "date" here at all!
Huh...?
(Hmm... It looks like I need to apporach this from a different angle...)

Perhaps THIS is the area in question!
(Ouch... I better think this through, or I'm gonna fall victim to another drubbing.)
The funny part... is right here!
Umm, not exactly... This stain is actually pink paint.
(From blood to peaches... The judge sure loves going on his wild tangents.) The problem with this photograph is not the paint. The problem is, when you consider the layout of the basement warehouse... It turns out that "something" that should be there is nowhere to be seen!


Um, well... I thought I'd just kind of throw this out and see...
(And I was so close, too...)

About the camera that took this photograph...
...Huh?
(It looks like I'd better find something else that could be suspicious...)
It has to be, or he couldn't have killed Mr. Bullard at KB Security.
There are two possibilities... Either the Mask☆DeMasque in the photo is a fake... Or the photo itself is.
The supervisior of the Treasure Exhibit stated the following.
I myself was there the night the theft took place, and saw the statue in that spot. If this picture was truly taken on that night, then that statue should've been there!
Your Honor, this statue is slightly larger than yourself and quite heavy. It would take more than an accidental push to move it that distance!
(Never mind who moved it... The real question is "why did they move it"...)


(The good thing about when everyone chews me out is that it gives me time to think!)
The one who moved the statue is none other than... Luke Atmey!
...It's very simple. The witness was the only one in the basement warehouse that night.
(The reason for moving the golden statue... Here's where our battle finally begins.)
The reason can be found here in this photograph.
Luke Atmey, You pretended to be Mask☆DeMasque... ...to create an alibi by showing you were "at Lordly Tailor that night".
But this photograph contains a single, fatal flaw. If the statue had been there, your lie would be exposed like cheap film at a drug store... That is why you moved the statue!


The lie... is Mask☆DeMasque!
...Huh?
(Oh buggers!)

The lie in this photo is somewhere around here!
(Oh man, now they're calling me a liar...!)
There was some reason the culprit didn't want the statue in the picture... At least, that's what I thought.
Naturally... the lie in this photo is the timestamp!
I'll tell you exactly what I mean! On the night in question, Luke Atmey went to KB Security and murdered Kane Bullard! Therefore, it's obvious! It would have been impossible for him to have been at Lordly Tailor at this time!
Remember if you will, Your Honor. When was this statue placed besides the warehouse door...?
...Exactly. Luke Atmey had already decided on the time when he was going to kill the victim. And so, in order to create an alibi for that time... ...he took this picture days before the murder took place!
Of course, the statue hadn't yet been brought down to the basement warehouse yet.
So, on the day of the crime, Mr. Atmey must have been quite nervous! As nervous as a long-tailed cat in a rocking chair factory, so to speak. Why? Because something that wasn't supposed to be there... ...had been brought down and placed where it wasn't supposed to be. And that... ...is why Luke Atmey had to move the statue on the night of the murder! He did it to make the room match with the way it had been in his photo!

Hmm... It's true that the camera had been set up by the Lordly Tailor staff. However! The program used to manage that data was yours! That alone would have allowed you to tamper with the data!
Which is...?
N-No way! Don't fall for that, Your Honor!
Yeah, but we will find the truth hidden in the nuggets of new information he gave.

You were asked to guard the urn by Ms. Adrian Andrews, is that right?
(I see Ms. Andrews is still attracting the weirdos.) You'd better watch out too, Maya.

You mean... this box?
(Huh. Interesting new tidbit...)


So you're sure that you had never seen the urn before?


You mean... this calling card?
(Of course... Because Atmey knew about the emblem. Making this card authentic would've been child's play to him.)

Then no one entered the basement warehouse?


And this is the photo that proves that, huh?
...That's true. You know, he's been saying that he "never saw the urn until that night"... If we can prove that he's lying there, we can wrap this up and put a bow on it. (I need to take a good hard look at the Court Record!)

That detective's been covering his tracks... There's only one thing we need to prove in this cross-examination...! That he took this photo well before the actual night of the crime.
There's one thing that Atmey stated very clearly. That he had never seen the urn before he stole it...
Mr. Atmey... If you really are Mask☆DeMasque... ...then you also wrote this calling card, correct?
Allow me to read a passage from the calling card that Mask☆DeMasque had written. "Take good care of the speckled urn." Now, the "speckled" here... ...surely refers to this pink pattern on the Sacred Urn.
Truth be told, there is no way that Mask☆DeMasque could have known about this pattern.
This pink, spotted pattern on the urn... is actually nothing more then paint stains.
And these stains did not appear... ...until after the urn had been taken to Lordly Tailor!
The day that the Sacred Urn was taken to the warehouse... ...the urn was broken due to human error, or should I say an error-prone human. And that's when the pink paint got on the urn!
And yet this "calling card" clearly mentions the paint pattern. Which means... Detective Atmey had seen this urn long before the crime ever took place! In fact, he saw it when this fake photo was taken!
And because this photo is a fake... ...your alibi for the night of the murder no longer holds water!
(Alright! That did it! He's broken!)
...Huh?
N-No way! Don't fall for that too, Your Honor!
...!
(They're doing everything they can to make Ron look suspicious... Despite our lack of hard information, this may be our only chance...)
(Wh-What!?)

And who in the world is going to prove that!?
...!

Mistook...?
...Umm, that wasn't what I meant.
(Boy, I'd like to wipe that smug look off this guy's face...)

Why would the victim mistake the defendant for Mask☆DeMasque?
(I can't stand to hear any more of his long-winded stories. I'll hold off on pressing him further for now...) ...That's fine. Please continue your testimony.

You mean this blackmail letter right here?
And the handwriting is, without a doubt, the victim's?
(An addressee...?)
(I wonder...)
I just had a thought. What if that blackmail letter wasn't meant for Mr. DeLite?
(For some reason, I just can't shake the feeling... ...that there's something not quite right about this blackmail letter...)

Mind if I ask you a few questions, Detective Atmey?
When you said that this letter was "addressed to Ron DeLite"... ...I couldn't help but notice one major contradiction.
(You're one to talk!)



I think you mean "one-two" punch..
(Ouch... I sure felt that punch, Your Honor... Anyway... Let's try reading the blackmail letter one more time... There's got to be something off about it somewhere...)

What do you mean by that!?

Um... Do you really think that story is going to hold up?
What do you mean?
Ugh... Was he trying to act like Ms. DeLite just now?

Now that's just your imagination talking!
(Those so called "long stories" aren't usually all that long. At least, not in my experience.)
Y-Yeah, that's right. Hopefully it won't require surgery either...
That's true. (Was that blackmail letter really intended for Ron?)
(Maybe I'll able to shake some contradictions to loose that way!)
Take a good look at this newspaper clipping. It contains a picture of the "Tear of Emanon", the stolen jewel.
The problem is this jewel's color.
According to the clipping, the color of the stolen jewel was "blue". However, in the blackmail letter, a totally different jewel is mentioned. "I'll take that red diamond you received the other day."
Which means! The "red diamond" described in the blackmail letter... ...is not the "Tear of Emanon" that Mask☆DeMasque stole at all!
...Yes. This is who Kane Bullard was actually blackmailing!


(Thanks everyone, for your undying support... Especially you, Maya. Argh! OK, we've come this far, and I'm definitely not about to let him silde!)
Naturally... It was you, Detective Atmey!
You have been personally involved in every single Mask☆DeMasque case. And in the last case, you "recovered" what was stolen... ...and received a "jewel"... ...as your reward.
Probably the one wrapped conspicuously around your finger. That red diamond ring!
That is the diamond referred to in the letter! Which means that Kane Bullard wrote that letter in order to blackmail YOU!
(Uh oh... I don't like the way he said that...)
Y-Yes. I am.
(Atmey killed Kane Bullard because he was afraid of his secret becoming known...! What was the "identity" he wanted to keep secret...?)
The "identity" that Luke Atmey wanted to so desperately keep secret was his identity as...
Luke Atmey... was an Ace Detective!
(Actually, I kind of wonder myself...)
Luke Atmey... was Mask☆DeMasque! ... Wh-What?
Wh-What's that supposed to mean?
Oof... OK, I'll try thinking about this again.
Luke Atmey... was a blackmailer!
It's not odd. ...It's the only thing that makes any sense. Kane Bullard was blackmailing Luke Atmey. But! Ron DeLite was also being blackmailed by a certain someone!
So did you start to receive blackmail letters starting after this incident...?
That is what we are claiming. Someone else came up with the plans, and had Mr. DeLite steal his targets for him. And that someone... was none other than Luke Atmey!
Wh-What is?
H-H-H-How did you...!?
Well, yes.


(Come on, there's no need to overthink this! How did Luke Atmey find out who Mask☆DeMasque was...? That answer has got to be staring me right in the face!)
I think I see it...
When you were in grade school, you received the same report card every year. "Gets into lots of mischief trying to be the center of attention."
...This newspaper clipping. It has a picture of you and Ron DeLite on his guard uniform. It seems that Mask☆DeMasque didn't just disappear into thin air. He just took off his outfit... and hid it in a bucket.
Correct. With tricks like that he couldn't fool a baby, let alone an Ace Detective. And that's when you figured it out, Mr. Atmey! That's when you learned that under his mask, Mask☆DeMasque was really Ron DeLite!
...
I'm afraid you are neither a proud thief, nor an Ace Detective. You're a blackmailer and a murderer. That is your true identity!
Wh... Where do you...!?
That's right! That's why he's the one who killed Mr. Bull--
No... No waaaaaaaaaay!
(Th-This is it... This is the final round...!) I've got to prove that Atmey was at Mr. Bullard's office on that night...
That night, Luke Atmey was at KB Security, and the defense...
The defense can prove it! With evidence!

This is the proof!
...
... It's bitter. ...Very bitter.
(What do I do...!? If I make a mistake here, it's over...)
I... I can't prove it.
...But! If we hear more of Detective Atmey's testimony...
Wh-What do you mean?
What...?
N-No...
(I-I can't believe this...! At this rate, Ron is...)
By then, it'll be too late...
U... Uwaaaaaaaaaah!
(Now there's nothing I can possibly do to win... Even if Ron is proclaimed to be innocent... ...the real killer, Luke Atmey, will go free.)
(Th-That voice... No way!)
M... Mia!
(This is the true power of the Kurain Channeling Technique... I know that it's really "Maya" who's standing before me... But right now, she's my mentor, Mia Fey.)
B-But...! There's nothing more we can do, Mia! Without any more testimony, I can't cross-examine...
Wh... What do you mean?
Y-Yes, Chief!
(This testimony actually seems to hold up pretty well...)
Grr...
Y-Yes, Your Honor.
H-Hang on a sec! Just one chance...!?
There isn't any evidence that contradicts with that testimony!
Wh-What do you mean, "So it would seem"...?
(I have to find a fatal contradiction in this testimony... And... I need to point it out without presenting evidence! Which means all I can do is find the contradictory remark and press it...!)

Mr. Atmey. About this last remark...
Wha...

Mr. Atmey. About this last remark...
Wha...

Mr. Atmey. About this last remark...
Wha...

Mr. Atmey. About this last remark...
Wha...

Mr. Atmey. About this last remark...
Wha...

Mr. Atmey. About this last remark...
Wha...

Mr. Atmey. About this last remark...
Wha...

Mr. Atmey. About this last remark...
Wha...


Mr. Atmey. About this last remark...
Wha...

Mr. Atmey. About this last remark...
Wha...
(This cross-examination is the only chance I have to nail him! Somewhere there's a huge contradiction, and I've got to find it...!)
Mr. Atmey. About this last remark...
I'm afraid you're the one who still doesn't get it, Mr. Godot.
Mr. Atmey. It seems you have finally admitted... ...that you were in the CEO's office, on the night of the murder.
Let's review your testimony, shall we, Mr. Atmey? "The button did not have any fingerprints on it... Why? Mr. DeLite was wearing his Mask☆DeMasque outfit." Is that correct?
More like your deductions prove that you're a fool.
When exactly did we learn the fact that... ...Ron DeLite was dressed as Mask☆DeMasque when he went to the scene of the crime?
That's right. The defendant had yet to tell anyone else this fact before this morning. Therefore, the only people who should know this are those who have been watching this trial.
Do you understand now, Detective Atmey? There is no way that you should have known about that!
You were in the next courtroom, being tried as Mask☆DeMasque! So then, enlighten us! Just how did you know about that piece of information!?

And it's those "chances" that I want to discuss next! That night, "Mr. DeLite was wearing his Mask☆DeMasque outfit." There is one, and only one way... ...for Detective Atmey to have found that out.
Please remember, if you will, Mr. DeLite's testimony!
For a second, my client witnessed the real killer.

It's with that statement that I'll turn this case on its head!
"Mr. DeLite saw the real killer," correct? Now, if you turn that statement around... ...it stands to follow that the real killer had also "seen" Ron DeLite!
Detective Atmey, you saw Mask☆DeMasque at the murder scene that night! You saw him when you killed Kane Bullard and assaulted Ron DeLite! That was the only way you could have known what Ron was wearing!
But... I think there's a little more meaning behind it this time.
And to that end, he came up with this plan... ...to use the "Double Jeopardy" rule when making his alibi.
(Why wouldn't he be...?)
Uh...
(Careless...?) Um, What do you think, Mia?
Then... Mask☆DeMasque is really innocent?
(F-For now...)
Thanks, Mia! It's been a long time, hasn't it?
Oh?
You mean about becoming the Master of the Kurain Channeling School?
You mean Misty Fey...?
Of course.
(Mia...)
Congratulations, Mr. DeLite.
Maya...
You mean your wife, Desirée?
(Come to think of it, she was once held hostage by some robbers, wasn't she?)
So, that's why you became Mask☆DeMasque...?
Right.
(I can? I kind of wish you would check with me first...) Mr. DeLite, even if a bowl is broken, there is always a way to put it back together.

Desirée, your wife... She's always believed in you, Ron. That's why you'll be fine. You don't have to worry about anything.
M-Ms. DeLite.
Um... But didn't you say that you hated criminals...?
I see...
(Desirée... You really do love Ron, don't you...?)

...Huh?
(I guess that didn't do much to make him feel any better...)
M-Ms. DeLite...
Y-Yes?
Oh, well, um... Take care of yourself.
(*gulp*... I can feel my face going red.)
(...Talk about bad timing.)
