I bet it does, Maya.
Sure, whatever, Maya... But I think maybe you've had more than enough mistletoe cake.
Detective Gumshoe...
What is it? A magazine?
Tr-Trounced!? Let me see that! "The defense attorney gave an almost childishly amateur performance yesterday..." What the heck is this!?
But I don't remember anything about it! When was that issue from anyway?
But I wasn't involved in a poisoning case in December!
A pho...
(This must be Gumshoe's idea of a joke. Guess he's starting off the year with one, too...)
What do you mean, what am I going to do about it?
My fault!? How do you figure that?
(But I didn't do anything wrong! ...At least, not that I can remember...)
I don't know... The judge already issued a guilty verdict once in this case. It's not going to be easy to get it overturned.
(I guess people are starting to know the name, "Phoenix Wright". If a client entrusted a case to me based on my reputation... I guess I am kind of responsible. But why would someone want to impersonate me? What sort of a guy would do that?)
Difficult-looking legal books stand in a formidable row. They mock me. ...Actually, I've neglected them for so long that they're covered in a layer of dust. I guess I should at least pretend to read them once in a while.
Charley. A quite decorative plant. He's sort of a keepsake... something to remember Mia by. Sure, the office is a mess, but I never forget to water this little fella.
It's my desk. I don't get to use it much, so it's still super neat and tidy from when Pearls cleaned it.
An old movie poster. Apparently, this was the first movie that made Mia cry when she saw it, a long time ago. Maya watched it recently, and said she cried all night, too! ...Which, I guess, is why it's back up on the wall. I have to check it out one of these days.
There is a giant building just outside the window. It's the Gatewater Hotel, a high-class, luxury hotel. The chain is getting so rich that they bought a whole chunk of the next town over... ...and started building a huge theme park. It's going to be called "Gatewater Land". ...I wonder if that bellboy is going to send me a greeting card this year, too?
I guess we go down to the detention center and talk--
Hey, hey! Let's get one thing straight. It wasn't me, it was a fake me that did this!
(I hope not. *shudder* ...And what kind of name for an evil double is Xin Eohp anyway!?)
If you're going to ask whether I've got a twin brother, the answer is no.
What do you mean?
Yeah, I guess he was acting kind of strange.
... Considering how we interact, I seriously doubt that, Maya...
...then maybe it's because of our new guilty client?
Huh!? Well, I'm a lawyer, aren't I?
(...I fail to see how being a lawyer is more dangerous than channeling dead people.)
I can't either. *sigh*
This isn't funny, Maya. It's not just an impersonation. This guy stole my identity! And someone may have been wrongly convicted as a result.
(...*sigh* I will never understand how your mind works, Maya.)
So? How's your spirit medium training going?
...That's called "taking a shower". What happened to the rushing waters of a waterfall?
(Last year's incident must still be on her mind... I haven't seen Maya train at all since that time. I think Mia said it's because Maya's at a loss these days...)
Mia helped me out in court again last time.
Yeah...
...I never really thought about it that way. Hey! If you want to meet Mia... ...why don't we just have Pearls call her?
(I guess Maya's got all sorts of things to think about, too. ...Despite her immaturity saying otherwise.)
I already told you. I have no idea who he is, let alone why he dislikes me so much.
You're just making that up, Maya!
No. He barely manages to stay on top of the cases in front of him.
(Did you mean he "gets paid dirt" or do you really think they pay him in gravel?)
Do you know anything about this, Maya?
(A simple yes or no, Maya... It's not as if you had to give me a dissertation...)
Do you know anything about this person?
(A simple yes or no, Maya... It's not as if you had to give me a dissertation...)
Looks like Gumshoe isn't around.
No, he's been out there somewhere. My bet is on the courthouse. He's probably trying to arrange the retrial of this case.
After being convicted without a fair trial, I'm not sure killer is the right label...
That must be one of the detectives. He's mumbling something to himself.
... He must be coming up with slogans for a safety campaign. ...I guess?
These are the detectives' desks. There are computers and files on each one. Funny, they're a lot tidier than I expected. I guess the detectives don't spend a lot of time at their desks.
A poster of a female police officer... Wait, no. That's the latest "Babes in Uniform" calendar. My bad.
This must be the chief of the detectives here. He's glued to his computer screen.
(Looks like Ron DeLite's opted for a new career.)
(Things feel pretty tense in here...)
So what's with the pink one? It's new, right?
(Whoa... A mascot that's deeper than the deepest of deep oceans...)
K-Keep it down, Maya! That kind of talk could ruin me!
A-Aren't... you...
Maggey Byrde... Ah!
(Maggey Byrde... She's the policewoman I defended that one time. She was accused of murdering her lover. He was a cop, too.)
What are you doing in here!? Didn't I get you acquitt--
So that's where we stand right now.
(I vaguely remember her saying the exact same thing last time...)
Smile, you're on candid camera.
This guard monitors the visitor's room. I bet they don't get too many waitresses in here. He looks like he's getting a bit restless.
And then you got into this mess straight away, right?
(So she wouldn't have a motive to kill him then, I guess...) And the other man, the killer. You saw him, right?
So, you saw the killer, but you were found guilty of the crime anyway? How come?
Ack! (Guess the answer to my question is "my phony"... Anyway, she saw the killer. Better see if I can get a description of the guy.)
But how's that possible?
Look! That wasn't me, OK?
And no one else saw this other guy?
O-Oh...? And what was your impression of them?
So it was a band's CD. Maybe a promo disc?
Get serious, Maya. Would you buy the CD of a group named that?
Of course it's real!
Ah...!
I can see that...
*sigh* (I said it was real!)
Oh, yeah. I need to ask you about this...
Can you tell me anything about the guy who was pretending to be me?
Me?
Argh...
OK, I get the picture. But you've met me in person before... So how come you didn't realize that guy wasn't the real me?
Only a little?
So the guy was nothing like me, then!?
(... Is that all it takes for someone to imitate me...?)
Have you seen him recently?
(...Or he's just simply too poor to afford anything else.)
...Yeah, I get it.
Probably. The court ruled in the absence of a genuine defense attorney. So we should be able to get a retrial.
?
...!
Wh-What are you staring at me like that for...? (But Maya's right... Whoever it is that thought it was a good idea to use my name... ...and get an innocent girl convicted of murder had better watch out!)
Trés... Ah, right. The restaurant where the murder took place.
"Look"? More like "smell"... What is with the suffocating scent of flowers in here...? Then again, girls like that sort of thing, right?
...
Don't be silly, Maya. This is a restaurant, and it's open for business. HELLO! ANYONE HERE? ... I don't believe it! There really isn't anyone here!
(Yeah, I suppose we can...)
You know, you're the only person who would ever describe a cash register in that way!
I bet Mr. Armstrong collected all of these personally. Let's see... A bouquet of flowers, some potpourri, and look! Fine bone china cups!
Come on, Maya! This is common knowledge! Any Joe Schmoe knows this much!
It's the resturant's front entrance. There's a sign hanging on the door written in French. It probably says, "Open" or "Closed". It must be one or the other, but I don't know which since I dunno Jacques about French.
Why don't you try wearing something a bit more "chic" something, huh, Maya?
Hm? There's something stuffed in behind the rack.
I wonder what "MC Bomber" is supposed to be...? ! (This paper! It's from December 3rd...) This paper's from the day of the poisoning!
(A paper from the day of the murder... This has got to be a clue! I should see if I can find out some more about this paper...)
Looks like Mr. Armstrong doesn't get any newspapers.
Why don't you try wearing something a bit more "chic" like in these mags, Maya?
(We found that sports paper behind this magazine rack earlier... I'd better try to find out everything I can about it...)
This table's set nicely. It just needs a customer.
Let's see... Well, it doesn't look like a tulip, and it's not a sunflower, I don't think...
Well, those are the only kinds of flowers I know. Dagnabit, I'm a lawyer, not a botanist!
Wow! It's a beautiful winter wonderland out there.
Got you! I was only kidding, Maya.
(...All I did was tell an itty-bitty white lie about nonexistent white snow.)
This resturant has partitions that separate the tables. When you're seated at a table, you can only see the tables to your right or left.
This must be the table where the murder occurred.
And that stain must be from the poisoned coffee. Don't go licking the tablecloth, OK, Maya?
(Then why can I picture you doing just that?)
And don't forget the "100,000", too.
Yeah, It's a pretty unusual name.
And don't forget the "100,000", too.
I'm not sure that has any bearing on anything related to this case...)
Yeah. The first time was a little over a year ago... She was on the police force back then.
Sorry, Maggey. That paper is actually a month old... It's from the day of the murder...
I found this paper in the magazine rack at Trés Bien.
Anyway, what I want you to take a look at is this scribble here.
(Just as I thought...)
Um, OK, Maya... So, if the sample CD was on the victim's table... That means this newspaper may have belonged to the victim!
(So the victim left this behind on the day of the murder, huh...)
(What happened to Maya? She's frozen stiff...)
Who? Me?
M-My beauty!?
Actually, we're not here to eat. We're lawyers.
Um, yes... You know me?
It looks like everyone to do with this case knows who "I" am already.
(If the food's good, why aren't there any customers in here?)
(I thought everyone liked hot cuisine...)
So, you're running this place on your own now?
(... Please don't eyeball me while you say that.)
(Delicate? The smell coming from that bottle earlier was anything but...)
So, could you tell me what you know about the incident?
(Yeah, I guess it's been about a month since Maggey's sentencing...)
Because of the poison in his coffee?
And this man who died... Was he alone?
Old man? What old man?
Um... So who is the old man that you mentioned?
About the lawyer. That was me, I suppose?
... Wow! He's the first person who's said it wasn't me.
When Maggey took the coffee over to the victim... ...did anything happen?
So what happened?
If there was anything at all between Maggey and the victim, it could be relevant.
(A Psyche-Lock!?)
We'll just have to remov... WHAT THE!?
The Magatama... It's gone!
I had it in my pocket, but... It has vanished into thin air!
(But I could see the Psyche-Lock. Maybe that means the Magatama's nearby...?)
Maggey wouldn't just have put poison in the coffee of some guy she didn't even know. If she's really guilty, there must have been something between her and the victim.
(What's Maggey's motive got to do with this chef? Why is he hiding things from me? And another thing... Where did I drop the Magatama? The fact that I can see the lock must mean it's nearby.)
(...And here I thought it was mine to keep!)
(I think I can imagine how he formed this completely wrong impression of me...) Um, the last time we met, did I show you this badge?
*sigh*
(Oh, man. That is something I don't want to imagine...)
We found this sports paper in the magazine rack here.
Yes. But she had to quit for, um, reasons beyond her control.
Happiness perfume?
But she's been arrested again. And found guilty this time.
(Just admit it! Your perfume doesn't work!)
(What's this guy talking about!?)
We've got to ask this guy for more info, stat!
What was it?
Um, about this...
Ack! Um... Je... Je no comprehend...
Um, Mr. Armstrong... Could I just confirm something with you again? The table where the victim was sitting... Was anyone else sitting there?
La p-parc? Oh, a park? What park's that?
Yeah. I see where they get the name from now. The fruits scream "VITAMINS!" at you.
That grouchy-looking grandpa?
Maya, he's not throwing seeds for them, he's throwing seeds AT them!
(Ugh... My grumpiness-threat level has just been raised to red...)
Really? You?
Iron filings? Wow... That's too exciting for words.
So, did you manage to get all the iron?
No.
That's not a bad thing. Besides, I love apples. They're among my favorites.
... And what is so "perfect" about it?
No way! I'd get covered in sand if I slid down that slide. Anyone can see that.
Yeah. And heaps of them, too.
That's a dove, not a pigeon.
You're over-thinking this one by just a smidge, Maya.
It's a magazine full of job listings.
"Threw away"? Did you throw this away? Are you looking for a job?
Sorry! I guess I'll take the magazine with me then.
(Too bad. Now that you want it so bad, I don't want to give it up!)
Of what?
You don't have to tell me twice.
Um... Excuse me.
Would you mind if I had a word with you?
I just want to ask you a couple of questions...
(He's really chucking those seeds at them! That's got to hurt!)
(*sigh*)
Excuse me, sir. Can I ask you about Maggey Byrde?
Revealing!? You mean her uniform?
Do you go to Trés Bien a lot?
Trés Bien is a French restaurant, sir...
You mean the waitresses?
Listen, it's not my restaurant.
(He certainly knows the place. He must be a regular! But if he hates it so much, why does he keep going?)
Sir?
If he is, I should be able to see a Psyche-Lock... Oh, wait... I don't exactly have the Magatama right now, huh...
(If Pearls ever gets wind of this, I'm going to be in a world of pain...)
Um, excuse me, sir. Could I just ask you about this...
Sir?
(This wasn't exactly what I was hoping to get out of this guy...)
Yeah, he has a pretty intense aroma, too.
He's, um... Oh, how can I put this... pretty unique, huh?
Yeah, he has a pretty intense aroma, too.
(I don't know whether to laugh or feel bad for Maya... Maybe I should do both...?)
It's really tight behind the cash register counter. Can Mr. Armstrong even get in there? And if he got in... could he get out again?
There's a bunch of little trinkets on a shelf by the door. I bet Mr. Armstrong collected all of these personally.
It's a rack full of fashion magazines. And they're all in French. Ugh. All the clothes in these are absolutely atrocious! ...Some of them have been circled in red. ... I really hope Mr. Armstrong is not thinking of buying those.
Mr. Armstrong must be a pretty big neat-freak. He already has this table ready to go. Now if only the food in this place was edible...
It looks pretty cold out there on the streets. Peaceful, though. It's nice that people can take it easy after the holiday rush.
This must be the table where the poisoning occurred. The stain tells the story well. The whole area is still cordoned off with police tape. I guess it must still be under investigation.
When I think back to when I was young... ...I wonder what I found so great about playing in a sandbox. Maybe I'll come back here in the middle of the night one of these days to relive it. ... On second thought, being arrested by Gumshoe would be too embarrassing to bear.
You don't see many parks like this anymore. What a great place for kids to play. But that old man's the only one here, chucking his seeds at the pigeons.
The pigeons are so busy pecking at the seeds, they don't notice anything else. Seeing those birds eat with such intense focus... ...reminds me of Maya when she's scarfing down a burger.
This is where I found that job listings magazine before. A guy like me carrying around a magazine like that kind of gives the wrong impression. I guess I better give it back to that old man once this investigation's over.
Excuse me, sir. Can I ask you about Maggey Byrde?
Yes, you do. You know, the waitress at Trés Bien.
So, you didn't like that kind of thing, then?
Um, nothing! I'm not saying anything about you...
(...I know someone who needs to learn some stress management.)
So, you are a regular at that restaurant, right, sir?
You're always complaining about the place, so why do you go there?
Sir?
(Something's not right about this guy... But If he's hiding something, I should be able to see a Psyche-Lock.) Oh, wait... (I don't exactly have the Magatama right now, huh... I need to find it before I can get anywhere with this old man.)
Looks like they have Maggey in questioning. I guess I've asked her pretty much everything... I'll come back if there's anything else I need to ask her later.
This guard monitors the visitor's room. There's nothing for him to do right now, so he's catching some vertical z's.
Poor Maya. It looks like Mr. Armstrong's really taken a shine to her. I suppose I'll just have to let her work at the restaurant for a while. I'll go pick her up from Trés Bien once things have cooled off.
Um, no. Not yet. We've only just started our investigation.
(Gumshoe's really fired up about this...)
(Oh. ... Him.)
Y-Yes...?
That must be one of the detectives. He's mumbling something to himself.
... He must be coming up with slogans for a safety campaign. ...I guess?
No matter what, whenever I come here, that mascot's there to greet me.
So what's with the pink one? It's new, right?
So one's called "Blue", and the other's called "Pink", but they're both called "Badger"?
(So should I expect to see Baby Badger next time I'm here...?)
So the guilty party was Maggey Byrde, huh?
Back when she was on the police force... ...you were her mentor when she was a rookie, right?
...
(Gumshoe sure is sweating up a storm over nothing... ...Ah, so that's it! Our big ol' Gumshoe has a little ol' crush on Maggey!)
(Note to self: Gossip with Maya about this later!)
S-Sure... And would you mind not guessing what I'm thinking all the time?
So I was wondering... Could you fill me in on the victim?
I see. A programmer...
(Yeah, Maggey also claimed to have never seen the guy before...) Did the victim go to the restaurant often?
(A programmer... and a first-time customer...) What possible reason could Maggey have had to kill a guy like that?
You're kidding! What was her supposed "motive"?
(What could this motive have been...)
O-Oh, that's right...
Yeah... Doesn't sound very good for us, huh?
(That's not exactly complimentary, you know!) So what do you think really happened? And just how contradictory is her testimony?
Yeah. My thoughts exactly. Maggey still insists there was another guy sitting with the victim.
(CD? Oh, yeah. She did mention something about a CD...)
What?
But didn't Maggey say the victim was wearing an earpiece, too?
A radio? He didn't have a CD player?
(Come to think of it... The owner of Trés Bien didn't mention that CD either. I don't know why, but I get the feeling Mr. Armstrong's got something to hide...)
So what exactly is it that caught your attention about the chef at Trés Bien?
Hey, come on, Detective. Didn't you say you'd give me the dirt on anything?
Um... Don't suppose I get a choice in this, huh? (Guess I better find out more about the chef and Trés Bien; then report back to Gumshoe.)
Why does everybody keep asking me that?
He had Maggey found guilty of murder. Doesn't that tell you? (I've got to track this creep down!)
And what did he say?
But...
(It looked like I was "trying to get Maggey found guilty"...?)
Yeah. I found it in the magazine rack at Trés Bien.
And take a look at this. See this writing here?
What is it?
(Wow, he actually seems to be thinking for once!)
(...And he goes back to being the Gumshoe we all know and love.)
(Handwriting, huh? It'd be good to know more about that, in any case...)}
She's working down at the restaurant right now.
Um... Ok...?
(Um... Why is he shaking my hand with such enthusiasm...?)
What? Mia did?
(But the witness isn't supposed to play any tricks...)
O-Oh, really?
(Why's that guy so determined to see me fail?)
It's OK, Detective Gumshoe. We still have a chance to make this right.
Have you gone to see Maggey?
Oh...
(Did he go for her, or for himself...?)
What's in it?
Under orders?
Huh!? You can't stop thinking about him!?
(Sounds like he knows a little something about our charming chef.)
What do you make of this...?
(You don't have to explain... Really...)
The scent of flours sure is strong. It's almost making me dizzy... Oh, um... Hello. (Who was that just now? A customer? She had sort of a dark aura about her...)
(Wow. What a cute voice.)
M-Maya!
... Maybe you should quit being a spirit medium...
(Then who was that woman I just saw?)
... I am kind of hungry, actually.
So, how do you like your new job, Maya?
Yeah, it's a nice-looking restaurant. It's a shame more people don't come.
How much is it?
The Twin-T set? I believe I'll be taking a pass. It's kind of expensive.
How about cleaning the toilets? That should keep you busy.
Um... About the lunch...
No. I, um...
I don't need any of that!
(Maya's really getting into this! So how much is this set lunch, then? 20 dollars, huh? But with the drink, side salad, and dessert, it's... 45 dollars!?) Hey, wait a sec! Maya!
Whoa!
Um, thanks...?
(Lobster, huh? Alright... Down the hatch it goes...) ... Urp!
Are you hungry, Maya?
Here. It's yours.
Remember, Maya. My wallet doesn't print money, so you'd better polish off that plate!
Hey! (You can't be in that much of a hurry to clean the toilets!)
How does that guy manage to make good food taste so bad?
(The kitchen, huh? Not a bad idea.)
Hmm, now what was it that Maggey said again? "In the kitchen, you'll get to see all of the chef's gratest secrets!"
Hey, wait up! Maya!
Weren't you going to show me around?
(I'd better conduct the search in the kitchen myself!)
About this...
... There is a weird atmosphere in here, that's for sure.
There's a book on the dresser. "Claurice Armstrong's Bedtime Literature".
It looks like a collection of poems he's written.
OK, um... Here's one. Ahem! It's called, "Printemps". "Zee two of zem, like actors from a film. Zee coffee still undrunk. Sweet nothings over too soon, on zat sad Sunday morning. Zee foolish cocktail so delicious. Take zee last sip of your tea and I know what I will do. I must lie to you. I must."
Yup. That's a poem for you.
What's this? It looks like a treasure chest or something.
Oh! They're aromatherapy oils! He's got so many, they're overflowing onto the floor...
What is it?
Well what do you know. And it doesn't have a label either.
(So what's that liquid inside then, I wonder?)
What's this? It looks like a treasure chest or something.
Oh! They're aromatherapy oils! He's got so many, they're overflowing onto the floor...
What are these lace curtains for?
(How do you respond to something like that!?)
(Isn't that used in Chinese food...?) Ack! Look! Right there on the counter!
(What indeed...)
(Isn't that used in Chinese food...?)
I'd like to see how one of those slices through a cheesecake.
Isn't that what I just ate for lunch?
What is it, Detective Gumshoe?
(He must mean this sports paper with the memo scribbled on it...) So? What did they say? Did the analysis turn up anything?
(I expected as much...)
(Since when did I start taking orders from Gumshoe...? Although... I get the feeling there's something I need to show him...)
This must be the chief of the detectives here. He's glued to his computer screen.
(Yeesh! Have a little faith in your subordinates!)
(Things feel pretty tense in here...)
So what's Mr. Armstrong's secret?
Um... Yes...
To put it nicely... it was inedible.
Yeah... I guess it's probably the food.
Really? How much does he owe?
H-Half a million? Are we talking dollars?
Sorry. That figure just took me by surprise.
Probably?
(Why would Gumshoe have to vouch for it? Can't it stand on its own?)
Only this one doesn't smell.
This was mixed in with all the other aromatherapy bottles, but it's not the same. It doesn't even look the same, wouldn't you agree?
(The victim was poisoned, so the contents of this bottle are pretty important...)
You suspect Jean Armstrong?
(That must be the same secret Gumshoe was talking about before.)
(What was the "um" in there for!?) Is there really that much money tied up in this case?
No, I don't. But I think I sort of get the picture.
Hmm, the old guy's not here anymore. (Drat. And I still have some unanswered questions for him.)
A scooter, huh? Who'd leave it right in the middle of the park like this? The wheel guard and the light are busted... I guess it must have been in an accident. It's totally wrecked.
N-No! I was just...
N-New ride? Isn't that kind of an old model?
It-It wasn't me! I was just passing by.
No! Wait a sec! I'm not a pigeon! So I couldn't have done it!
(Uh-oh!)
Um... Actually... I'm a lawyer myself...
I'm Phoenix Wright, attorney at law.
Um, yeah... I am.
WHAT!?
(H-He's gone...) Surely that guy wasn't my phony... was he...? ... He wasn't anything like me!! (Guess I better make a note of the scooter...)
Oh, it's you.
Have you been here the whole time then?
(More like you had some cowering to do!)
Are you a regular at that restaurant, sir?
It's just if you dislike it so much, why would you keep going there?
Sir?
(I knew it... This old guy has got something to hide. But what could it be?)
Why are you a regular at a restaurant that you clearly hate, sir?
(It's no good. I'm gonna have to break his Psyche-Lock. I just can't figure out what he would be hiding. I mean, I'm only asking him why he goes to a particular restaurant.)

It's time you told me the truth. Why are you a regular at a restaurant that you dislike so much?
To eat? Is that the whole truth?
I don't think you go to that restaurant for the food at all.
I can tell that not you nor anyone else in the world would go to that place for its food.


Well?
Argh!
Ow! (Looks like that evidence wasn't it!) L-Listen...
The proof is in the pudding. Or in this case, the lunch menu.
The food at Trés Bien is terrible. And expensive.
Huh?
(What a load of crock!)
So, you're saying that you go there because you've got money to burn?
Unfortunately, that's a lie.
You don't have money to burn. You're flat broke!


Uh?
Ouuuch! (These seeds really hurt when they land in your eyes!)
I don't believe you. You're lying to me.
This is yours, right?
Why would a rich retiree be looking for a job?
Oh?
Yeah... I think you mean a cappuccino. Anyway, jow much does a cappuccino cost there?
(Those had better be some golden beans!)
N-No. I wasn't thinking that. I was wondering if the coffee there is really that great...
Newspapers?
I'm sorry, sir... But there are no free papers to read at Trés Bien!


Well?
Sorry?
Ow! Oooow! (Well, oww! That was no good... Oww!)
Take a look at this.
It's a newspaper I found behind the magazine rack at Trés Bien.
This was the only paper there. And it's dated more than one month ago!
Do you see what I'm getting at here? That restaurant doesn't get newspapers. This is just one that a customer happened to leave behind!
Tell me, why are you so determined to hide the truth?
(I'm going to have to put this guy out of his misery.) Listen... The real reason why you go so much to Trés Bien is...


Well?
Uh-oh. He's gone silly.
(It's not the food, it's not the coffee, and it's not the newspapers... What else is there?)
She was the waitress at Trés Bien.
Therefore, the answer to the mystery... ...of why an old man would drink expensive coffee at a terrible restaurant... ...is the waitress!
And you are probably telling the truth here. Because you weren't looking at the girl's face... But at her outfit!
That's the truth, isn't it? You became a regular at the restaurant because of the waitress's uniform! That uniform is all you can think about, isn't it?
To you, that waitress was your...
Um... Sir...
No, no... I didn't mean it like that...
Really, that's not what I'm here for.
No, really. Listen, sir...
S-Sorry... Mr. Kudo.
(This guy was in the restaurant at the time of the incident. Which means I have to hear his testimony, one way or another!)
(I don't believe this... I even broke his Psyche-Lock and everything... I guess I'll have to try to get him when he's in a better mood.)
Mr. Kudo! Please! This is really important.
(Ack. He's really giving me the cold shoulder now. But this guy's an important witness. I can't afford to lose his testimony. There must be a way to soften him up...)
Yeah.
Um... sure.
(His weakness? I wonder what that might be...)
Yeah. He "fed" me as well. I got a bunch of those seeds in my eyes.
Hey, Maya. Would you mind coming with me for a while?
There's something I really want to ask that old man.
No, hang on! Can't you... go like that?
Um, sir...
It's OK. I think it's going pretty well.
Huh?
(Argh! We were so close! Just a little more and he would've spilled...)
(How can we crack this guy?)
Mia!?
(Even from beyond the grave... Wow...)
(It's like he's a different person...)
(He certainly seems to be telling the truth now. But it looks like Mr. Kudo didn't see this other man, either.)
(London's in England, not France!)
(I can't believe Mia's laughing at the guy... *sigh*)
The chef? You mean Mr. Armstrong?
He... He's an ex-con!?
(Mia's really got this guy eating out of her hand...)
From his customers?
(He really is a regular!)
A haiku?
(Poor guy. He couldn't do enough for Mia.)
Thanks, Mia. We got some really important information thanks to you.
Maya... Don't mess with him like that.
Had enough of being a waitress?
(That reminds me. Mr. Armstrong had a Psyche-Lock or three, didn't he? I'm going to have to break those...) Mr. Armstrong. I hope you won't mind, but I'd like to have another word with you...
When Maggey took the coffee over to the victim... ...did anything happen?
Maggey wouldn't just have put poison in the coffee of some guy she didn't even know. If she's really guilty, there must have been something between her and the victim.
(Somehow... I've gotta get this guy to spill the beans on everything he knows.)
N-No!
I look "unusual"?
(I just knew it...)
It was a... unique and... wild mixture of flavors.
(The way the lunch tasted, it's probably 99% perspiration and 1% inspiration.)
(We better find a way to make him look, then.)
Was he here at the time of the incident?

I have to know the truth. What happened that day?
Huh? (Well that was a new record!)
A lottery ticket?
H-HALF A MILLION!?
(The ticket disappeared...?)
Why didn't you tell me about this sooner?
You've been trying to hide this information about the lottery ticket from me. And I want to know the reason why!
Mr. Armstrong. The half a million dollar lottery ticket... I think I know who took it. I think the winning ticket was stolen by this person.


Well? How about it?
Excuse me?
Oh. Um... I'm fine, thanks.
... (Doesn't sound like I'm doing so fine with this Psyche-Lock though...)
(No! If it was really Maggey, then you'd have no reason to hide the facts from me!)
Mr. Armstrong! I believe there is a very high probability that it was you.
(Wow! That is one piercing scream, even for a man like him...)
Sorry to disappoint you, Mr. Armstrong, but I have evidence to the contrary. I present to you, proof that you have stolen from others in the past!


Sorry?
Th-That sounds lovely...
(I guess my evidence is a bit of a lame duck...)
Please, read it. And put some feeling into it.
I'm sorry to have to bring it up, Mr. Armstrong... ...but you have been arrested for stealing from your customers before, haven't you?
You deny it?


Wh-What are you singing?
(Armstrong's definitely stolen from his customers before... I just need to find the right evidence to prove it...)
It seems old habits die hard, Mr. Armstrong.
This is my Magatama. And I found it in your kitchen.
(Wow, that scream just about broke some windows...)
You've stolen handkerchiefs, gloves, and other things from your customers, right?
Really now?
Isn't it true that you're in some pretty serious trouble? And that you are in desperate need of a large amount of cash?


Well, Mr. Armstrong!?
Huh?
Wh-What?
Oon put it keschon.
(We're definitely not on the same page here... let alone book...)
This restaurant is deep in the red, isn't it?
You have a loan... to the tune of half a million dollars! That lottery ticket would have wiped out your debts.
Well, Mr. Armstrong!? What do you have to say for yourself now!?
Mr. Armstrong. You said that the victim had a winning lottery ticket for half a million dollars. How did you know he had something like that in the first place?
(Hmm, Maggey said something about that, too.)
And the ticket?
Put the poison in his coffee?
(Yeah, but only one of them was the winning ticket, right?)
What in the heck are you doing here!?
(He came in here for coffee!? Does his craving for coffee know no bounds!?)
...What?
So... What happened to the winning ticket, then? The one he meant to steal.
(Looks like I won't be needing this note anymore.)
Looks like we've got a new mystery now. Namely, where did the winning ticket go?
Well, anyway. We can't let Maggey suffer any longer for this. And certainly not again.
Y-Yes?
(I-I think he's serious!)
S-Sure.
(I can only wish...)
The defense is ready, Your Honor.
Y-Yes, Your Honor?
Wh-What's wrong!?
No, no! That wasn't me. That was the phony Phoenix.
("Our trusty"...?)
But I can already tell you! I'm the real Phoenix Wright!
(There's no denying it. Behind that mask is a man who really hates me for some reason or another!)
(I'm not planning on repeating anything that phony me said! Trust me!)
Yes?
I already told you! That wasn't me!

Can I stop you for just a minute?
(He'd so desperate for that to be true, he's practically crying!) Your testimony just now doesn't match the testimony given by Ms. Byrde. She claims that there was another man at the victim's table.
Hey!
(What should I do? Should I press on this point a little harder or not?)
(No, I should leave it alone. I've got a bad feeling about where this is going.)
...Maybe I should move on to another part of his testimony.
Well, maybe the other witnesses just missed him! Perhaps their view of the victim's table was obscured in some way.
...!
A ticket? (Looks more like a photo to me.)
Urk!

He was listening to his radio, you say?
(What should I do? Should I press on this point a little harder or not?)
(No, I should leave it alone. I've got a bad feeling about where this is going.)
...Maybe I should move on to another part of his testimony.
And what was it that the victim was listening to on the radio, Detective Gumshoe?
(Thanks a lot... We're now one step closer to the middle of nowhere.)

So, traces of the poison were found in the coffee cup and nowhere else?
Was the poison a liquid? Or was it a powder?
So the poison could've been in anything that was on the table. Sugar, salt, pepper...
Nngh...
(What should I do? Should I press on this point a little harder or not?)
(No, I should leave it alone. I've got a bad feeling about where this is going.)
...Maybe I should move on to another part of his testimony.
Are you absolutely certain that the victim even drank any of his coffee?
According to this file, "the poison was found in the victim's coffee cup." But what proof is there that the victim ever drank any of it!?
(Should I be grateful this coffee's only hot enough to give me 1st degree burns...?)
Uuuurgh!

(Potassium cyanide? I've heard of that chemical before...) Exactly how strong is this poison, Detective Gumshoe?
(Earwax, huh? Sounds like something Gumshoe's got an abundance of...)

"Some kind of a motive"?
(Come on, Gumshoe...)
I knew it... (That's what we heard yesterday, too.)
(Then is it possible Maggey stole the winning one? What should I do? Should I press on this point a little harder or not?)
(No, I should leave it alone. I've got a bad feeling about where this is going.)
...Maybe I should move on to another part of his testimony.
Wait a minute! The mere fact that the lottery ticket disappeared in no way implicates my client!
WH-WHAAAAAT!?
(Hmm, I'd better keep an eye on that ticket. The way the judge's voice is quivering...)
(I bet he wants to say it was found on Maggey's person...)
To be honest, I don't know.
(I don't have a whole lot of options right now... The best I can do is gather the facts together, I guess.)
Yeah, that's because the court has ruled guilty once already.
(He's got more evidence against Maggey!?)
Th-That stain looks like...! (It can't be... blood, can it!?)
The coffee!? That's not exactly the first thing that caught my eye...
The... pocket?
A bottle of poison... In Maggey's pocket?
WHAAAT!?
(You don't need to be told! Just look at it!)
Ketchup!?
...!
(Argh! You really know how to drive a man nuts!)
...!

"Sacry old man", Detective Gumshoe?
(Ah, we're obviously talking about the same old man...)
(I guess not even the mighty Godot can avoid being attacked by that guy...)

How long was the defendant unconscious for?
(I bet you would've liked to have carried out the search, too...)
(You're a professional detective, Gumshoe. Not a professional bird watcher!)

He didn't have any? Are you saying that it was stolen, then?
Fifty-eight cents...?
(I think I'm on to something here...)

Wait a sec!
Let me paraphrase what you just testified to this court. "The victim didn't have any form of ID on him." That's basically what you said, yes?
In that case, how were you able to identify the victim so quickly?
(He's so let down, he's got the whole sagging shoulders and puppy eyes thing going...)
(What should I do? Should I leave this alone or ask to hear more?)
(I guess it doesn't really matter how they figured out who the victim was. There are more important avenues to explore.)
So, the victim had no form of identification on him, correct?
And yet, before arriving at the restaurant, he went to see a doctor. Which means... He must've had his medical insurance card with him!
The fact that it hasn't been found points to only one obvious conclusion. The victim's medical card was stolen!
Huh?
So what sort of medicine was in the bag?
Huh?
(It was completely empty...?)
...!

But the defendant had been passed out for a while, correct? In that case... Isn't it possible someone planted the evidence in Maggey's pocket!?
Um... Well... (I'd love to, if I had any...)

So the half a million dollar lottery ticket and the bottle of poison were accounted for.
Interesting... It's true that those two items are accounted for... ..but wasn't there another lottery ticket that was stolen that day?
(And they're just going to let him get away with it...?)

If I don't find a hole in this testimony, the judge is going to hand down his verdict!
Yeah, that's true... But Maggey and Gumshoe are like dumb and dumber. Our only hope is that they were so dumb, they missed something obvious.
Detective Gumshoe. I think I should point something out to you. There is just one small contradiction in your testimony.
You testified that, "nothing else was missing from the crime scene." However! The prescription bag you mentioned was empty! Did the officers recover the medicine from the scene of the crime later?
The victim was given a prescription right before going to Trés Bien. Where, then, did the medicine disappear to!?
The victim was killed by poison! And the victim's "medicine" mysteriously disaappeared! The victim's own prescription could have been the lethal poison itself!
What!?
What's the clinic's name got to do with anything...? "New Ear Otolaryngological Clinic" O-Otolaryngological?
He ruptured his eardrum!?
What!?
Uuurgh...
N-No...
(She's right. But I can't get away with any old weak objection. What should I do...?)
It does seem as it the medication isn't connected to the case.
Uh... Umm...!

Wait, Your Honor! Actually, this prescription... is absolutely pivotal to the case!
(Gotta lose a few battles in order to win the war, I suppose.)
Only moments ago, Mr. Godot made the following statement. "It seems Mr. Elg correctly applied some of his medication while he was at Trés Bien." If that's the case, then why was the medication not found at the scene of the crime!?

That doesn't change the fact that it could not be found at the crime scene! However insignificant it may seem, it's a lawyer's duty to pursue the truth!

It hardly seems likely that the coffee the waitress served would contain it, either! But it did! The possibility is undeniable!
(Victor Kudo? The pigeon-hater?)
Tell me about it... I nearly died in there!
I don't think he meant to do that, Maggey. He was backed into a corner. I mean, the guy's got to do his job, right?
(Poor Gumshoe...)
Yeah. Mr. Kudo. Lover of waitress outfits and projectile seeds!
Yeah, I can take whatever he throws at me. Even those never-ending bird seeds!
We don't need to hear about that, Mr. Kudo. Just tell the court your occupation.
Kimono embroidery?
(That burger joint would've been better off putting him in the kitchen...)
(He's really getting into this...)
Y-Yes, Your Honor.

So you saw the victim, then? You saw Mr. Glen Elg?
(So he was looking at the sports paper the victim was reading, huh...) And at the location in question... ...there are partitions between tables on the same side of the restaurant, right?
If you say that you could see the victim... ...that means you were sitting at a table on the other side of the restaurant, correct?
(You mean you go there to eye the waitress!)

Mr. Kudo. That is a very grave accusation. Are you sure about what you saw?
I see...
(...I bet his eyes are only really "fine" when he's scoping out a waitress.)
(I bet I know what's coming up and something tells me I'm not going to like it...)
(It'd be dangerous to press this too much. I'd better ignore it for now.) So, what happened next?
Your Honor. We need more clarification on what was put into the victim's coffee. I'd like to ask that the witness add what he knows about this to his testimony.

D-Did she really put that into the coffee?
Couldn't she have been adding sugar?
Argh...

He took just one sip?
(Congratulations. You have earned the title of Battiest Man To Grace A Courtroom.)

You said, "I remember her well" in reference to the waitress... Did she have any particular features that you can identify her by?
Sorry?

So the particular feature you recognize about the waitress is... her outfit!? But anyone could wear just such an* uniform! Even me!
(I-I guess I got a bit carried away...)
(He seems pretty sure of himself. What should I do?)
(There's got to be a better line of attack than this. That's what I should be looking for now...)
Sure, you saw a waitress take the coffee over to the victim. But what matters is whether that waitress was Maggey Byrde or not.

You do seem to remember several details about her appearance. But what about the most crucial detail of all... her face?
(There's no doubt he remembers the waitress pretty well. What should I do? I get the feeling there's something more to this somehow...)
(No, I must be imagining it. I need to find another angle with this guy.)
Mr. Kudo. You seem especially interested in straps. Why is that?
The ribbon in her hair, the straps on her apron. What's the fascination?
I was just curious as to why he was so fixated on the waitress's straps...
The identifying "features" you described are all things you would see from the back.
Is it possible that... ...you never saw the waitress from the front at all!?
People normally talk about facial features when they're asked to describe someone. But this witness's testimony is nothing but straps and ribbons!
And if I can't find a hole in it soon, it'll get even longer, I bet.

You didn't find anything to be distinct, but you did clearly see the witness's face, yes?
(That's not the answer I was looking for, but OK...)
(Like I thought, we need some concrete proof of this. Proof that the old guy didn't see the waitress clearly from the front.)

Well, he probably had his eye on the waitress the whole time. That's why he was there.
I-I guess... (Hmm, she makes a good point though...)
I wonder if the waitress Mr. Kudo saw really was Maggey...
Mr. Kudo. I would like you to please take a look at this.
Have you ever seen this before?
...
Mr. Kudo. This apron... ...is the apron worn by the defendant on the day of the poisoning!
And as you just said yourself... ...you wouldn't forget something like this. Which means, is you had really seen this apron before...
Yes, you know what I'm getting at! You couldn't have possibly seen the waitress from the front!
...
We only need to do one thing. We just need to prove that the old man's memory is shot.
(I suppose... But it's what I do best.)

Spectacles?
(He did have some kind of lens over his left eye... But I wouldn't have called it apair of glasses.)
(Guess I'll wait and see if I should challenge him about the "spectacles"...)

The newspaper was a sports paper, was it?
(It was his paper, not yours! If you wanted to know so bad, why didn't you buy your own!?)
Ow! Ooow!

The wireless?
(...Oh boy.)
(Was he that desperate to listen to the radio...?)
Ow! Oooow!

You mean the waitress, who you only saw from behind, right?
...Maybe.
Ow! Oooow! (I better not push it until I've got some hard evidence.)

"His free hand"?
Which hand was that?
Ow! Oooow!
(Yeesh! I was only asking! No need to gang up on me and treat me like a freak!)

(The whole point of this cross-examination is to establish just one thing... That this old guy's memory has more holes than a slice of Swiss.)
(Anything will do. Even the smallest detail. We just need one mistake, and he's ours!)
Mr. Kudo. Do you remember what you were told at the start of testimony? That this was a way of testing the credibility of your memory?
According to Mr. Kudo, the victim was holding the paper in his right hand... ...while drinking coffee with his free hand, which would make that his left.
But I would like the court to please take a look at this.
Yes, and on the rim, you'll notice the mark left by the victim's lips.
If you consider where that stain is, you'll clearly see... ...that the victim was holding the cup in his right hand!
Well, Mr. Kudo. The court is waiting for your epic performance! You said you'd eat those seeds and sing the pigeon song!
(Who, me!?)
(It's true... He doesn't seem to be lying.)

So the victim was wearing an HMD.
(It was none of them actually, but anyway...) And you're sure that he was wearing the earpiece on the same side?
(Yeah. That's pretty obvious if you look at the floor plans. From the opposite table, he'd only have a view of the side of the victim's head.)


It seems you kept an eye on Mr. Glen Elg.
(So I take it the victim was a walking ball of nervous energy...)

The earpiece you mentioned... Which hand did the victim touch it with?
N-No! I didn't mean...
Ow! Oooow! Ow! (So, if he had the HMD on his left side, then it was his left hand, I guess...)

You seem very sure of yourself, Mr. Kudo.
(It looks like he really did see the guy picking the cup up with his left hand. This is a dead end!)
I think the guy's telling the truth. But even so... Something's not quite right.
(But if he's not lying, there wouldn't be any contradictions in his testimony, right?)
I'm not sure what the relevance of this is, but... Mr. Kudo! There is something very strange about your observations of the victim.
You say he was wearing the earpiece on the same side as the HMD.
I don't think so.
You're no doubt unaware of this fact, Mr. Kudo. But the victim couldn't hear with his left ear! His eardrum was ruptured!
Traces of medication for his condition were found in his ear canal. That's right! It's impossible that the victim was wearing his earpiece in his left ear. Because he couldn't even hear in that ear!
This witness's testimony is completely unreliable! He only saw the witness from behind. And he claims the victim was wearing an earpiece when we know his eardrun was ruptured! Well, Mr. Godot!?

Impossible! The witness has already testified on numerous occasions... ...that the victim died immediately after taking just one sip of the coffee.

Sadly, Mr. Godot, that doesn't wash! The point of this testimony was to establish whether the witness's memory was credible. And the results are clear! The testimony given by this witness is useless!
(How is your bad memory my fault!?)
There's more?
M-Me? (He's looking at me like I'm some sort of evil Shogun...)
I get the picture! Just quit throwing those seeds at me, would you!? (He's gotta be using some sort of infinite ammo code with that box of seeds...)
Yeah. "So what?" probably! That's all I can think of, and I have to cross-examine this guy!

Um... The court generally prefers if witnesses are sure of themselves, Mr. Kudo.
Ow! Oooow! (He's chucking those seeds harder than ever! I better be careful...)

The court has already heard that testimony, Mr. Kudo...
The suspense?

A vase, you say?
(Well, he's right about there being vases. I do remember seeing them, too... There was a vase on the table when I ate munch there.) And you saw the moment when the victim actually knocked over the vase?
OK, I get it.


Soaked in water, you mean?
You said you were sitting at a table across the room from the victim, correct? And yet, the water still managed to splash onto you?
(Could the water really make it all the way across to the other side of the room...?)


You mean, the vase on the victim's table falling upside-down and breaking?
(Godot hasn't raised any objections for a while now...)
He's really giving you the evil eye, Maya.
I guess I'll just have to rise to the challenge then...
Mr. Kudo. This is a photograph of the crime scene.
Look carefully at the table. The vase is there... intact!
Lost your tongue, granddad?
Ow! Oooow!
Y-Yes...? Go on...
Wha...?
...!
The mark on the coffee cup that the victim supposedly drank from with his left hand. And the earpiece which was inserted into his left ear, out of which he couldn't hear.
Yes, Your Honor.
O-One more thing, Your Honor?
Um... OK...
Yeah. I would be, too.
Yes, Your Honor.
("I'm sorry"? This isn't a piece of testimony! More like a five year old's apology...)
How do you think it went!?
Yeah, I guess it did get out of hand. Mr. Kudo's testimony did nothing to help us. Plus, now we don't even know the identity of the waitress who laced the coffee.
And that the victim was wearing an earpiece when his eardrum was ruptured.
Time to play doctor and find ourselves a cure then, huh?
Well? I'm officially at a loss as to where to start.
I guess we should try to put Mr. Kudo's testimony to some sort of use.
And we need to figure out the identity of the waitress and who the victim really was... Somehow, I think the key to this case has got to be at Trés Bien.
So... Anything on your mind?
...?
Oh, yeah. I almost forgot about that guy.
Actually... I've learned a little something about my doppelganger.
(Oh, yeah, Maya was working at the restaurant when I ran into Don Foneeonay...) Let's just say he was such a terrible version of me that I wanted to sue for defamation! (What's that guy's story, anyway? What does he have to gain by impersonating me?)
Huh!?
...I guess you're right.
My badge? A fake!? ... Ha ha ha... That's a good one, Maya...
This is a newspaper from the day of the incident, so, yeah, we've got to assume so. There must be a clue in there somewhere.
Yeah, I know. What's the deal with that? Why's he impersonating me?
(True enough... The only thing prosecutors seem to like about me is pushing me around...)
(So he pretended to be me to get Maggey convicted?)
That's what the guy I met at the park was riding. And I'm betting he's the fake me.
His voice is still ringing in my ears.
I'm going to guess he spent money needlessly. You'd better watch your spending, too.
If you hit people with that kind of bill, Maya, they will hit you back!
Actually, it's his "testimony"... If you can call it that.
(Well, Pearls and Adrian seem to have picked up where you left off...)
Yeah, and the stain on the rim shows that the victim used his right hand to pick it up.
(If Mr. Kudo wasn't mistaken, then what could account for this contradiction...?)
Sure, why not? If you hit the jackpot, you could win half a million bucks.
No way! Don't you know the lottery is a tax on people who are bad at math!
Well, as art goes, this piece definitely leaves an impression.
Yeah, but she was passed out, right? So the killer could've easily planted it on her.
(She has got a point... How the killer got a hold of this poison is pretty important.)
Yeah. It'd be pretty pointless to wear an earpiece of any kind.
(The mysterious vanishing medication... Much like our mysterious "other person"...)
So? How's your spirit medium training going?
(Last year's incident must still be on her mind... I haven't seen Maya train at all since then. I think Mia said it's because Maya's "at a loss these days"...)
Mia really bailed me out again yesterday.
Since when did you become so awesome?
He'll have a new witness ready for tomorrow, though. You can count on it. (We need to figure out the facts before then, or we're doomed!)
Yeah, and they seemed to come out of nowhere.
(Maggey said that when she brought the victim his coffee... ...there was one more people sitting at the table. This single contradiction is probably the most important one we have to resolve...)
Now that you mention it...
Maggey took it pretty bad, didn't she? Do you think she feels betrayed?
(A friend? Hmm... Never really thought of it that way, but I guess she is.)
Vermin Kudo, is it? I can't remember, either. I've never seen a witness mess up so badly in court before.
(Yeah. It might be more than seed that he chucks at me next time.)
I suppose so. He was in the kitchen at the time of the incident.
Never mind that. What's going on? It feels different in here somehow...
Yeah. Everyone seems to be on edge.
Keeping busy? More like paincking, if you ask me. (Something's going on. Something big...)
That must be one of the detectives. He's mumbling something to himself.
... He must be coming up with slogans for a crime prevention campaign... ...But I'm not sure even he knows what kind of crime he's trying to prevent.
This must be the chief of the detectives here. He looks lost, now that the power to his computer has been cut.
(Alternately, you could write up some reports... Just a suggestion.)
So what's with the pink one? It's new, right?
(Whoa... A mascot that's deeper than the deepest of deep oceans...)
I guess Maggey's still in questioning.
Keep it down, Maya! This isn't a playground, you know!
Yeah, and it's lunchtime, too.
Hey, that sounds like...
To the radio?
(He is! And he's having the Twin-T set...)
It's the resturant's front entrance. There's a sign hanging on the door written in French. It probably says, "Open" or "Closed". It must be one or the other, but I don't know which since I dunno Jacques about French.
Why don't you try wearing something a bit more "chic" something, huh, Maya?
This table's set nicely. It just needs a customer.
It does look like it's ready to fall over any second. Looks kind of fragile, too.
If you hit people with that kind of bill, Maya, they will hit you back!
Wow! It's a beautiful winter wonderland out there.
Got ya! I was just kidding, Maya.
(...All I did was tell an itty-bitty white lie about nonexistent white snow.)
This resturant has partitions that separate the tables. When you're seated at a table, you can only see the tables to your right or left.
S-Sorry... There just weren't any holes in it... for once!
(Would he have preferred, "crumbly like aged parmesan"? Anyway, this case has already been ruled on. There shouldn't be any holes left to find.)
(Oh, man... Poor Gumshoe...)
So, did you like the Twin-T set?
You mean you liked it!? It didn't taste bad to you?
Looks like he's thinking...
*sigh*
(Maybe he should've found out about the price AFTER he had finished eating...)
(Glen Elg, the victim, huh... Which reminds me. We still hardly know anything about the guy.)
That's right! You said you were listening to the radio or something.
(What the...!? A Psyche-Lock?)
(Didn't you say it was an exercise program earlier!?)
(Even if it's nothing, the fact that he's hiding it makes me really curious!)
Why does everybody keep asking me that?
He had Maggey found guilty of murder. Doesn't that tell you?
(Wow, he actually seems to be thinking for once!)
(...And he goes back to being the Gumshoe we all know and love.)
(Spending 20 dollars on this has got to be killing him inside...)
N-No! Why, would you want a busted up scooter like this anyway?
(My phony was riding this bike... Maybe if I head back to the park. it'll be there again.)
Glen Elg died because of this ticket.
And Maggey was found guilty of murder because of it, too.
Yeah. He's got a real soft spot for her, and it obviously hurts when you hit it!
Huh? We were playing for money!?
Yeah. that is kinda odd. I mean, everyone thought the defense was "Phoenix Wright". So why didn't he try to fight "me" then?
(He couldn't be bothered to tell the judge!?)
Maya! Don't torch poor Gumshoe feelings like they're are some sort of cheap crème brûlée!
(You don't have to hide it, Gumshoe! It's pretty obvious.)
(*groan* He wasn't a computer, Maya!)
Yeah. That's what we found out yesterday, too.
Computers aren't really my thing, Maya.
(I wonder about that...)
(A computer firm called "Blue Screens, Inc." huh...)
(Yeah, but what about what's inside the coat...?)
Yeah, you looked pretty confused by his testimony.
(Me, three... But then, why doesn't even a single part of his testimony corroborate any of the facts?)
O-Oh, really... That's nice...
What do you think about this, Detective Gumshoe?
Yeah, I suppose the retrial has only just begun...

Alright, Detective Gumshoe, tell me the truth. What were you listening to?
We'll see about that, pal. Considering all the noise you were making while you were listening... ...it's pretty clear what kind of radio program it was. I'd say it was related to...


Well, Detective Gumshoe!?
(Then how come I'm still seeing the lock? Guess I was wrong... Now, what was it he shouting when he was listening to the radio...?)
(It seems so obvious... I'd better ask him again.)
I'm right, aren't I? You were listening to the lottery results, weren't you? You thought you'd try to win big, just like Glen Elg did!
(Huh? I've cracked him already...?)
What's with everyone and the lottery...?
(Yeah, I know the feeling.)
Yeah. What time is it now?
And are the lottery results always broadcast at the same time?
Then buy a ticket, Maya. With your own money!
Maybe he went to buy another ton of bird seeds. I was kind of hoping he wouldn't be here, anyway. At least, not for now. (Besides, any more seeds today and I'm liable to turn into a real phoenix!)
I wouldn't get too close to that if I were you. Otherwise you might be in for a shock. My phony must be lurking someplace nearby... Just imagine! A Tiger, loose in the city!
Huh?
(Why is she trying to pep-talk me into becoming my phony...?)
Of what?
Speaking of fun, if we get Maggey acquitted, may be can all get together sometime.
How about we change the rules a bit, then? We could play Old Maid, and... um... We could say the person who's left with the old maid at the end is the winner. How's that?
Urgh!
M-My eyes! My EYES!
Isn't this just the leftovers of what you were just using!?
Isn't that what I ate yesterday for lunch?
(I bet it'd taste really good if it was prepared well. ...Balsamy even!)
You don't exactly have many customers, do you, Mr. Armstrong?
Putting on a brave face, huh?
But they think you just serve fast food on cheap, plastic trays?
Have you forgotten that Mr. Armstrong is a man, Maya?
So who was that woman you were just talking to?
Ah, well... Yes. Sorry.
(Now that I think about it...) Hey, Maya... I think it's pretty clear what kind of conversation they were having.
The woman who was here earlier... I take it that she's... um...
(No. I'd say it's more of a sign of la bad, bad culinary skills...)
Loan office? Is that where you borrowed half a million dollars from?
Ten dollars? Sounds like your whole monthly stipend, Maya...
So Tender Lender is the loan office you borrowed half a million from, huh?
(A big city mobster who rides a battered old scooter...?) Um, does this guy resemble me by any chance?
(Hmm... Sounds like this loan office is worth checking out after all...)
Um... Thanks for the offer... (...Just beyond Vitamin Square, huh?)
This is the paper the victim brought with him.
It was a... unique and... wild mixture of flavors.
(The way the lunch tasted, it's probably 99% perspiration and 1% inspiration.)
No, no! I saw it before in Vitamin Square, you see...
(Talk about an allergic reaction...)
Please! What did you agree to help them with?
(Eww! I hope he doesn't mean that he'll literally be sliced up and served with garnish...) I'm going to guess that woman has something to do with your loan contract. Am I right?
(A lack of remorse for having stolen something: Priceless.)
(What things? Is she talking about her being a spirit medium...?)
Maggey's?
(Huh? I'm missing something here, aren't I?)
It is a computer firm, Maya. They can't work without electricity, you know.
(Who is this woman? She's like a robot from some kind of whacked edumacational show...)
D-Director!? (Sh-She's human!? She seems more like a ghost in a shell. And that thing over her eye... Isn't that the same device as Glen Elg's?)
Nice try, but it's the other way around, Maya. It's an* HMD.
Those pillars almost look like they're moving. It's kind of unsettling.
Computers are only as smart as the humans who use them, Maya.
You work there too, Maya.
(She's a human, Maya, not a computer!)
(I'm just taking them as evidence, Maya!)
He's really pounding that keyboard, isn't he?
Yeah, that's a good idea.
(Um... And what about your spirit medium training?)
Looks like they're all betting tickets.
For betting on which horse will win a given race. They're horse racing tickets.
(Looks like they're all losing tickets, though.)
(I'm just taking them as evidence, Maya!)
Looks like they're all betting tickets.
For betting on which horse will win a given race. They're horse racing tickets.
(Looks like they're all losing tickets, though.)
Looks pretty average to me.
You think? Real whiz-kids can work under any condition, you know.
(She's trying to hint that I should tidy my desk more. I'll clean up my desk when Maya stops asking silly questions... No hurry then.)
What about it...? If this is another hint about tidying, you can forget it.
December 3rd? That's the day Mr. Elg was murdered! Is there anything else?
The T-Tiger?
Looks pretty average to me.
You think? Real whiz-kids can work under any condition, you know.
(She's trying to hint that I should tidy my desk more. I'll clean up my desk when Maya stops asking silly questions... No hurry then.)
So... What exactly is this firm's business?
It doesn't matter. They analyze stuff. You got that much, right?
(Of course, CDs are used for software as well as music...)
(Your blank smile just said otherwise, Maya.)
You know about what happened, right, Ms. Basil?
How about Mr. Elg's desk? Have you cleared it out already?
(I guess there might be a clue here somewhere...)
Um, about Mr. Elg... Was he in some kind of trouble?
I thought you said something about it just now? You said he got himself into trouble because he was a bit of a "loser".
(A Psyche-Lock?)
Please tell us more about the trouble that Mr. Elg was in.
(I need to find out exactly what the victim was involved in. Looks like I've got to break her in a "professional, business-like" manner!)
Um, about Mr. Elg...
Hey, wait a minute! Just now you said something about him being in trouble! (We've got to find out what this trouble was exactly.)
No, Maya. That is SPARDA. She won't tell us unless we say the right code word.
There's no point in having a password if it's always the same thing, Maya. (I guess she just doesn't want to talk about this.)
...
......... Y-You better get going, Detective, or you'll be late.
A favor?
(I can't exactly say no, can I?)
(He's finally gone...)
Looks like "The Tiger" isn't in his lair. (And that is, as they say, a very good thing.)
*gulp* (Talk about a creppy voice! It makes your soul want to shrivel up and die!)
Uh, no. Not exactly...
I guess we'll just have to come back another time.
Do you think it'd be OK...?
Y-Yes! Thank you!
(NOW She wants to get out of here...)
That's one impressive desk on one impressive rug!
Would you really want such a shiny desk, though?
That's because it's completely dazzling!
(So the desk isn't practical. No surprise there.)
It's a punching bag.
What do you mean, "walking around"?
(I really, really hope she's pulling my chain on this one.)
There's a CD player on the deak. But the desk is so loud, it's a wonder you can hear it.
Y-Yes, thanks. It was... lovely.
...
(Th-That coffee! I-It was laced with something! I'm almost sure of it!)
I-I sure hope so... (We better take a look at that CD while we're still alive and have the chance...) What the...!?
It's... It's a demo CD... The artist's name has been hand-written on the disc in pen. "MC Bomber"...
(This must be the CD Maggey told us about!)
No way! That woman'll make us drink more coffee if we do!
There's a CD player on the deak. But the desk is so loud, it's a wonder you can hear it.
Y-Yes, thanks. It was... lovely.
...
(Th-That coffee! I-It was laced with something! I'm almost sure of it!)
I-I sure hope so...
You mean you aren't making stuff up for a change?
Only if I feel like dying!
(Assuming she knows what she's talking about, these aren't exactly your typical... ..."mobster wannabe" items. They're not... "trophies", are they...? *gulp*)
What is it? ...A repair bill? (Looks like he did some repair work on his car... Does he even have one...?) $15,000 to replace a bumper and a light!? That's insane!
Huh? So it's not even The Tiger's car? (Why would someone else's repair bill be in The Tiger's office...?)
"Win Through Compromise"...?
It must mean something if they took the trouble to frame it like that.
Yeah, umm... Well, as long as we don't have to compromise my hair, I'd say we're OK... (That's one slogan no business owner should ever explain to their customers... *shudder*)
Yeah. It's all over the rig and everything.
(How did she manage to knock one of those over? Aren't they supposed to be super heavy?)
Matches, huh? Places don't give those out much nowadays. ...Hey, wait a second!
Look what's printed on the back! It says, "Trés Bien"!
(These matches could come in handy. We might be able to use them...)
Swing and a miss, Maya. Swing and a miss.
Yeah. It's all over the rig and everything.
(How did she manage to knock one of those over? Aren't they supposed to be super heavy?)
(Looks more like a pimp coat to me... Guess I haven't got an eye for fashion.)
Hmm... The same color as my suit...?
Keep your voice down, Maya!
Y-Yeah! Sure!
...So? What were you getting so excited about before?
That's...! That's an attorney's badge!
No way! Look at this badge! It's made of paper!
(Why doesn't anyone recognize an obviously fake badge when they see one...?)
(Looks more like a pimp coat to me... Guess I haven't got an eye for fashion.)
Hmm... The same color as my suit...?
Keep your voice down, Maya!
Y-Yeah! Sure!
(Come out from under the desk, Maya!)
N-Nothing. W-We were just...
I-It wasn't us! It was already like th--
(Ack... That voice... It's like evil seeping into your head through your ears...)
(Eek! Has she got a death wish or what!?)
Huh?
(What, what, what!?)
(That's so unfair!)
Y-Yes!?
(So it was him... He's my phony...)
Wh-What? I mean, e-excuse me?
Um... I have a few things I want to ask
Ack! Wait! P-Please!
(Like you're one to talk! I didn't hear you scream, "Hold it!" either!)
(This woman is definitely not good for my heart. Now, what was it The Tiger called her...? "Violetta"?)
So... I'm kind of curious about your company, Tender Lender...
(Why do I get the feeling this sentence is not going to end well...?)
(Would I like to take out a loan from a place like this? Not so much...)
So, um, let's say I'm late with my repayment... What happens then?
Um, right... I think I'd rather skip down!
So, um, do you know about the incident we're investigating?
The manager being The Tiger...?
...T-Tigre? (So that's where the "Tiger" thing comes from...)
(I guess they were expecting her to take a boat ride across the River Styx.)
(I still wonder about what's in her coffee...) So... is that why you've got that bandage around your head?
Um, so what's the story with the bandage?
(Maya just suffered one herself, by the sound of it...) So, that's the injury you were talking about before when you said you had died once?
...!
(Same here. But we've got to find out the truth!)
So how did you get this "fatal injury" that left you needing an operation?
Oh. (That much caffeine would raise anyone from the dead!)
A... A precious memory...? (I'll never find out what she means if I can't break her...)
Can I ask you about The Tiger, I mean, Mr. Tigre?
No, no! Ladies first, Maya!
(No matter how I look at this, I just don't get it... What are The Tiger and this scary girl doing working together?)
(That's exactly coming across in your tone of voice...)
The Tiger... saved you...!?
OK, OK! Don Tigre! Of course! I'm sorry. (He saved her life? I'd sure like to how that happened.)
Um, about this...
No! Um, thanks! I've had enough. Really! (I'm so thirsty!)
Like I thought, he's really mad... Come on, Maya. Just keep your head down and let's sneak away while we still can...
What are you doing, Maya!?
I'm not surprised. I bet I really hurt his pride in court this morning.
I always knew you were a demon, Maya!
Um... I'm sorry about what happened in court earlier today.
N-Not at all!
OK, OK! Take it easy, please, Mr. Kudo.
I don't think that's quite it, Maya. I think he's just in a bad mood, that's all...
(If we let him start rambling now, we might never shut him up! What should I do?)
Um, actually, we've got places to go, things to check and stuff... Maybe another time?
Yes, yes. This girl right here is really looking forward to hearing it all. Honest!
(What is this? It's covered in seeds... A discount coupon for a burger!?)
(Guess I better let him talk...) So, there's not much call for craftsmen these days, then?
I-I'm sure you don't. (Wait a minute! What did he just say? At home and... at that restaurant?) Hold up... By "restaurant", are you talking about Trés Bien? Did you get asked to run an errand there, too?
WH-WHAT!?
So on the day of the incident, what were you asked to do?
Did you call them on your cell phone?
So for five minutes after the incident happened...
Why didn't you mention this in court this morning?
You could have at least told us before we got to court.
(What's important is the unaccounted time before the police arrived. The victim was dead, and Maggey was unconscious. Which leaves that woman... I mean, that man, alone in the restaurant!) Mr. Kudo might have been chased out of the place on purpose.
Maybe a certain someone didn't want him in the restaurant.
(We need to get more details about what exactly happened... ...from Maggey... and from Mr. Armstrong!)
So on the day of the incident, what were you asked to do?
Did you call them on your cell phone?
So for five minutes after the incident happened...
Um, would you mind taking a look at this?
Excuse me...
...On second thought, forget it. A million grumbles for one quick look doesn't sound like a good deal... for me.
But the place is open for business... You can't have an open restaurant without a chef!
(Only a couple of minutes after the incident happened... Mr. Kudo left the scene, leaving Mr. Armstrong here alone.)
(Maybe he's trying to avoid us on purpose?)
Hello, Maggey. So they finished questioning you?
Well, he was all over the place with his testimony.
(Is it possible she is the one misremembering things...?)
(But didn't Mr. Kudo testify earlier today... ...that it was the waitress who put some white powder into the coffee cup...?)
It was "MC Bomber", Maya. That name was scrawled on the sports paper as well.
(Or the victim's medication. That's gone missing, too.)
You said that you passed out when the victim, Glen Elg, collapsed, right?
So between the time the victim collapsed and the time the police arrived on the scene... ...you have no idea what went on at Trés Bien.
The other witness, the old man from the park, was pretty much chased out of the picture.
Exactly. And you, Maggey, were unconscious. That means Mr. Armstrong was alone in the restaurant for a brief period of time.
When you consider the facts... ...it's hard to imagine that Mr. Armstrong isn't involved in this at all.
Well, the old man said as much when we spoke with him earlier.
(Maggey looks like she's trying to figure something out...)
Is there anything about Mr. Kudo's testimony that stood out as odd to you?
(Yeah, we know that already. It was Victor Kudo.)
A woman!?
"Creepy"?
(Why do I get the feeling I've come across a woman like that recently?)
D-Don't forget that was my phony, not me!
L-Like I said, that was my phony, not me!
(Trust me, neither do I...)
Maggey. If there's something on your mind, you've got to tell us. Especially if it has anything to do with Mr. Kudo or his testimony.
(...I-Is she expecting me to claim that she's too clumsy to have committed the crime...?)
The ketchup splotch, you mean?
...
In any case, this definitely isn't something you can pick up just anywhere.
Oh, yeah! I've got something you're going to love!
A lunchbox, just for you. Here!
Hey, come on, Maggey. Don't be like that.
(Somehow, when an ex-cop turned waitress says that, it seems a whole lot scarier.)
... She's right... It's better than letting it go to waste.
That hit the spot! I love weenies.
Actually, it's a fake.
You got duped by this...!?
And what about the fact that it's made of paper!?
(I'm beginning to see how my phony was able to gain her trust...)
That day was the first time you'd ever seen this man, right?
It seems he was a computer programmer.
(DId she mean "programmers"?)
You've got to remember, Maggey. Gumshoe's a detective. He's got a job to do.
(Gumshoe's testimony was pretty solid... No wonder it hurt her so much.)
(Ouch. I think I just saw Gumshoe's chances go down in flames like the Hinderburg...)
(Well, in the time between the victim being poisoned and the police being called... ...the only person who was on the scene and had a chance to do anything... ...was Mr. Armstrong. There was no one else there.)
Um... For the record, I'm not sunburned like an over-dried tomato so I don't know...
(I'm not hearing this...)
Something must be going down. Something really big.
Huh?
(A virus?)
(But I really need to ask you some questions...)
That must be one of the detectives. He's mumbling something to himself.
... He must be coming up with slogans for a fire safety campaign... ...I guess? ...Does he even know what he's trying to get across anymore?
This must be the chief of the detectives here. He looks lost, now that the power to his computer has been cut.
(Alternately, you could read some reports... Just a suggestion.)
But that's an important piece of evidence!
Ah, we're not thinking about borrowing money, Detective! We want information.
Alright, I get the picture. (Hey, wait a minute! What did he just say!? "That lady"?)
(We better find out what the story is with this "lady"...)
(And here I thought detectives were supposed to be somewhat knowledgeable...)
A computer virus? Sure. I mean, only in simple terms, of course.
(Why do I get the feeling they're making fun of me?) OK, fine. I'm no expert, but I can at least explain the basics to the two of you.
A virus is a program that gets inside a computer and causes damage.
No. The damage is, um... Well, it's all internal.
Imagine all the case data you've got stored on your PCs here in the station... A virus could wipe out all that. That's the kind of damage I'm talking about.
Yeah. And what's even more scary is that viruses are infectious.
Most computers are connected together on a network, right? A virus can move on machine to another over the network. So the virus just keeps spreading faster and faster.
No. People don't infect their own machines. They send the virus to someone else's.
Who? What? Where? When and why did the conversation jump to talking about me!? Anyway, that's what a computer virus is. A bad program that causes damage.
(The name of the virus, huh? I feel like I've heard of it before, too...)
And now the virus has been released, huh...
You mean someone put this virus up for sale?
(In the millions!? A virus can be worth that much!?)
I'm not sure if I really want to get involved in this, but who are the Cadaverinis?
(You're a cop, and you're scared? What's that about?)
Moola...? As in?
The black market, huh? And that includes Tender Lender, I take it?
(Interesting...)
So... How did she end up at Tender Lender?
(Sounds like a pretty important clue.)
Detective Gumshoe, umm... about this...
(I thought so. Here it comes...)
It's OK, Maya! You don't have to cry about it!
Can you give us any more details? Please?
(*groan* He wasn't a computer, Maya!)
(What's that supposed to mean? What could be worse...?)
Never heard of him.
The Cadaverinis? (That's one scary-sounding name!)
N-No! I don't remember ever saying I was going to! (I better get some more info out of Gumshoe about this "family"...)
Hence the name?
Like a leaf...
Like a leaf...
A-And that is...?
L-Lunchbox?
(Oh, yeah... Those weenies.)
Prepared? What do you mean...?
(This sure is a heavy burden... In more ways than one...)
(I'm a lawyer, not a delivery boy, Gumshoe...)

So, how about you tell me what kind of trouble Mr. Elg was in?
(What's she talking about!? I guess I'd better just take a shot and see where it gets me...) Ms. Basil. Let me ask you something. Did Mr. Elg's troubles have something to do with this?

A lottery ticket. There were hundreds of these on the victim's table at the scene of the crime.
The victim, Mr. Glen Elg... ...had a gambling habit, didn't he?
(She's right. That is a bit weak on its own.) But Mr. Elg's gambling wasn't restricted to the lottery, was it?


Huh?
(Looks like I got that one wrong.)

A bunch of horse racing tickets. All losing ones.
(...Why did I get a whiff of hypocrisy just now?)
The victim, Mr. Glen Elg... He had a gambling habit, didn't he?
(Yeah, but not everyone buys this many tickets!)
You're right. But I'm not through yet. Mr. Elg's gambling wasn't restricted to horse races, was it?


Huh?
(Looks like I got that one wrong.)

Well? What do you think!?
Not even slightly! What was all that mumbo-jumbo?
(I'm guessing I picked the wrong piece of evidence there.)
The lottery, horse racing... He bought a lot of tickets, and lost a lot of times. That's got to have hurt his wallet pretty bad, don't you think? Maybe bad enough to be the cause of some pretty serious trouble perhaps!?
Trust me. Even if I wanted to, I don't exactly have the money to buy any.
Yeah, but...
It's true that Mr. Elg won half a million dollars... in the end. But that was his first stroke of good luck. He was in deep trouble before that.
Mr. Elg's real problem was with someone or something more terrifying and ferocious!


Huh?
(I wish I could take a break from my troubles, but the rest stop was about a mile back.)
Mr. Elg met with someone on the day he was killed. He even made a note on this calendar about the meeting: "Meet with The Tiger."
Y-Yeah. That's what I was thinking.
(I'm no programmer, but does she really expect me to buy such messed up logic?) In that case, I think it's time to introduce you to The Tiger.


Well? What do you think!?
Not even slightly! What was all that mumbo-jumbo?
(I'm guessing I picked the wrong piece of evidence there.)
Furio Tigre, aka "The Tiger", is the boss of a loan office called "Tender Lender". This is who Mr. Elg met with on the day of his murder. And the only thing a loan shark would talk with him about would be his debt!
(100,000 dollars? Ouch!)
(Shame Maggey couldn't get a bit of that good luck.) OK... ...So the guy got lucky and won the lottery. But what if he hadn't won? What was his plan then?
His "talents"?
Wh-What computer program is worth 100,000 dollars!?
(I'm so close to cracking her!) The program in question... Was it by any chance... this!?


(I know Mr. Elg created some sort of program! She can't deny it if I show her the program itself as evidence!)
Well? This is it, isn't it? This is the virus that's infecting computers world-wide as we speak... "MC Bomber"!
You mean he was in debt?
"Risky"? How?
(Where do you come up with these ideas!?)
So it's safe to say Mr. Elg was the creator of this virus, huh?
(Inconceivable! Gumshoe was right for a change!) This date, December 3rd, that is marked on his calendar... That was his deadline for repaying his debts.
(I guess we won't be needing these horse racing tickets any more.)
This man is your grandfather, right?
Th-Thanks for the advice...
(The "family"?)
(This feels like Halloween... Only a whole lot more real... And a whole lot scarier, too.)

You said that bandage around your head was from an operation?
You also said you suffered a "fatal injury" to the head, correct?
Now, by "fatal injury", you mean you were hurt very badly somehow, right?
Did the injury in question have something to do with this?


Well!?
Huh?
Umm, what's inside?
I'm sorry, but I didn't quite catch that...
Um... Thanks, but no thanks... I think I'll pass. (I guess that was a flop. What happened to this woman for her to have such a huge bandage around her head? There must be some piece of evidence that'll prompt her to tell me what happened...)
I have here a car repair bill. From this, it seems pretty obvious that this car was involved in an accident.
Y-Yes, it is.
(Something tells me she's not about to say hi and introduce herself... Alright, then...) Your relationship with the Cadaverinis is very strong... And this is why.


So!? What do have to say for herself now!?
Huh?
...N-No thanks! (My evidence must still be half-baked...)
I know exactly who you are, Viola Cadaverini! You sustained that injury in a traffic accident, didn't you?
(Yeah, I can imagine...) So what happened to the person on the bike? I'm guessing they didn't get away with injuring THE Viola Cadaverini, right?
Ran away?
(Hmm, is it possible...? Could the person who committed the hit and run have been...?)


The person who caused the accident that gave you that injury was--
N-No thanks! (The person who caused the accident was riding a motorbike... Who could it be?)
It was this man, wasn't it? He was the cause of your accident.
(It was The Tiger who caused Viola to crash. I can feel it! Plus, one of her locks just broke, so she must suspect it was him, too...) I'm sorry, Ms. Cadaverini... But I have proof that The Tiger was involved in a traffic accident on his bike!


And this is my proof!
E-Eggs?
N-No, thanks!
It's not exactly a motorbike, but... ...Mr. Tigre rides around in a scooter, doesn't he? And you'll notice that the front wheel guard is badly damaged.
Ms. Cadaverini... You know the truth, don't you?
This repair bill was paid by Furio Tigre. The Cadaverinis have known for ages who caused the accident, haven't they?
(I knew it...)
How much are we talking...
(She seems kind of hesitant about giving me an actual figure. I should back off...) Well, anyway, it was The Tiger who paid for it, right?
Really? But do you honestly believe that to be true?
Do you want to know what I think...? I think the reason he paid the operation wasn't because of you, but someone else...


I know this must be quite a shock for you, but...
S-Sorry?
(Yeah, just hearing your voice sends shivers down my spine!)
... What was the "oops" for?
O-On second thought, I'm fine, thanks! Roasty-toasty, that's me!
Perhaps I shouldn't be saying this, but... ...your grandfather, Bruto Cadaverini, controls a lot of "dubious" cash, right? And you are his beloved pride and joy.
Sure, I don't know exactly how much the operation cost, but... ...if you weren't granddaughter of Mr. Cadaverini... ...do you think Mr. Tigre would have paid the money?
(Well, I guess if she recovered in 4 months, it couldn't have been too big...)
It's underworld lingo for paying money to settle a score. Basically, pay or get into some serious trouble! (But a million bucks!? This has to be related to our poisoning case somehow...)
...!
(What are these? Medical papers?)
It's inexcusable!
(There are two things that I consider inexcusable. Poisoning, and betrayal! Only a coward would hurt people using either of these tactics.)
We should get going. Right after we finish our espresso.
(I wouldn't need to convince Viola of anything else, so I guess I can get rid of this.)
Ah, good timing. I was hoping to find you here. We'd like to ask you a few questions...
(Come out from under the table already, Maya!)
Wh-What?
(Uh, oh... I think he wants Viola Cadaverini's papers back...) Y-You mean... this? The million dollar medical papers?
Ms. Cadaverini trusted you. That's why she said that she helped you.
I can't let you have these papers. Tomorrow in court... ...i'm going to expose what you did to get the one million you used to pay this off!
Mr. Armstrong!?
U-Urgh! (...That... reallly hurt!)
W-Wait...!
(That was so stupid... I shouldn't... have let my guard down. Those medical papers were... vital... evi...dence...)
D-Detective Gumshoe!?
B-But...
...! A-Alright! Thanks, Gumshoe!
(I'll get even with that guy tomorrow... in court! Tender Lender is going down!)
(That's true... And we still haven't solved a single part of it yet...)
Huh? Oh, uh... Yeah. Of course.
N-No! That wasn't doubt. That was, umm... determination!
Hey, Detective Gumshoe...
H-How did you know she was stressed...?
Oh...
(Hmm... Come to think of it, that doesn't look like one of those aromatherapy bottles...)
Oh! They're aromatherapy oils! He's got so many, they're overflowing onto the floor...
Well what do you know. And it doesn't have a label either.
For ears? You mean...?
(What was Glen Elg's ear medicine doing in the kitchen...?)
Um, what about the unidentified fingerprints? Anything on that?
(Hmm... That's going to weaken its impact as a piece of evidence...)
(Today's trial... I'm gonna expose that guy for what he's done, or my name isn't Phoenix Wright!)
The defense is ready, Your Honor.
(Wow, he's totally unfazed! Doesn't anything intimidate this guy...?)
A m...m...m... MIRROR!?
(What the heck!? It's way too early in the morning for this to be happening to me!)

And who were the two customers, exactly?
(What about the other man Maggey says she saw at the table? Something tells me Mr. Armstrong isn't planning to disclose his existence...)
I guess I'll just have to try a different approach for the time being.

You were experimenting with art deco? How come I never heard about that before today?
Please stay on topic! Now, why didn't you tell the court about this before!?
No, no! Art deco, it is a style of design! ...Your Honor. He's talking about interior design. Walls, cellings, carpets, that kind of thing.

How big of a mirror are we talking about here?
(Let's see... If 1 meter is about 1 yard... Holy glass in a frame, that's huge!)
The ceiling!? (Was there a mirror on the ceiling!? I don't remember...)
(What should I do? Should I ask him more about the mirror or not?)
(He couldn't lie about such a huge object like that. It must've been there in the restaurant somewhere.)
If you really had such a large mirror in the restaurant, someone would have noticed it! But there's nothing about a mirror in Mr. Kudo or Maggey Byrde's testimonies!
What!?
R-Really?
(This just doesn't add up. Even if a mirror was delivered to Trés Bien... ...it doesn't prove that it was in the restaurant on the day fo the crime.)

Normally, I'd expect people to know the difference between a reflection and a real object.
Huh?
Aaack! Not the hair!

Everything? He would have seen everything in reverse?
(How did he phrase it again...?)
(And that clears up all the problems with his testimony, I guess... Or does it...?)

(It's kinda hard to believe everything's the fault of a mirror, but...)
If he did, it would explain all the contradictions in his testimony.
The coffee cup, the earpiece, and the HMD... Let's think back over Mr. Kudo's testimony for a second, shall we?
So, to summarize... ...we were told both the HMD and the earpiece were on the victim's left side. Now, if Mr. Kudo saw all that as a reflection in a mirror... ...it means both the HMD and the earpiece were actually on the victim's right side.
Unfortunately, that's where we run into a monumental contradiction with the facts! If Mr. Kudo really did see everything in a mirror... ...why is it that the HMD is now on the wrong side of his head!?
A-Are we talking about your coffee... or something completely different...?
The "I broke the vase... sorry" apology lett-- I mean Mr. Kudo's sworn testimony?
Urk... (That's the worst, but best impression of Kudo ever...)
(Argh! I hate that guy!)

So, run this by me again. The mirror was here, correct?
Oui? Really!? Because I know if I were you, I wouldn't have put a mirror there! It would be in the way!
Huh?
But, but, but! This is my seat in the courtroom...!

And where would that be!?

So why can you only see the victim from that particular seat?
(The old man was sitting at the table next to the victim? Why does that seem kinda odd...?)

Your Honor! Mr. Kudo's words yesterday strongly contradict Mr. Armstrong's testimony!
I realize it looks useless, Your Honor, but this is still testimony.
Mr. Kudo's testimony is actually very relevant to the question at hand, Your Honor! Because it very clearly contradicts with this piece of evidence!


Well, Your Honor?
...Oh.
Try again...? (You mean I was wrong?)
This piece of evidence contradicts with testimony we have heard, Your Honor!
Yes. This photo clearly shows something that theoretically should not exist!


This is what should not be in the picture!
Um...

W-Wait, wait, wait! I've change my mind, Your Honor! (The last thing I need right now is a scalding hot coffee shower...)

This piece of evidence contradicts with testimony we have heard, Your Honor!
Yes. This photo clearly shows something that theoretically should not exist!


This is what should not be in the picture!
Um...

W-Wait, wait, wait! I've change my mind, Your Honor! (The last thing I need right now is a scalding hot coffee shower...)
I think it's pretty obvious that this is what should not be in the picture!
Your Honor... I'm telling you that there should have been no vase on this table. Because it very clearly contradicts with this piece of evidence!


Well, Your Honor?
...Oh.
Try again...? (You mean I was wrong?)

Did you move the mirror while Mr. Kudo was off calling the police?
You moved a huge mirror like that all by yourself?
...

Are you sure about that?
...
(Yeah, there is... I just can't put my finger on what exactly.)
(Focus, Phoenix. Breathe... I need to ignore those two and just find some evidence.)

Your Honor! Mr. Kudo's words yesterday strongly contradict Mr. Armstrong's testimony!
I realize it looks useless, Your Honor, but this is still testimony.
Mr. Kudo's testimony is actually very relevant to the question at hand, Your Honor! Because it very clearly contradicts with this piece of evidence!


Well, Your Honor?
...Oh.
Try again...? (You mean I was wrong?)
This piece of evidence contradicts with testimony we have heard, Your Honor!
Yes. This photo clearly shows something that theoretically should not exist!


This is what should not be in the picture!
Um...

W-Wait, wait, wait! I've change my mind, Your Honor! (The last thing I need right now is a scalding hot coffee shower...)

This piece of evidence contradicts with testimony we have heard, Your Honor!
Yes. This photo clearly shows something that theoretically should not exist!


This is what should not be in the picture!
Um...

W-Wait, wait, wait! I've change my mind, Your Honor! (The last thing I need right now is a scalding hot coffee shower...)
I think it's pretty obvious that this is what should not be in the picture!
Your Honor... I'm telling you that there should have been no vase on this table. Because it very clearly contradicts with this piece of evidence!


Well, Your Honor?
...Oh.
Try again...? (You mean I was wrong?)
Then the only logical explanation is... ...that there was no mirror inside Trés Bien that day. (Now I've just got to prove it... Somehow...)
There is one thing that was clearly demonstrated by yesterday's testimony. Mr. Kudo broke the vase that was on the table where he was sitting. And yet! As the court can see, there is an unbroken vase on the table next to the victim! Why? Because Mr. Kudo was not, in fact, sitting at the table next to the victim at all!
Exactly!
There is only one conclusion we can draw from this contradiction. There was no mirror in Trés Bien that day! Your testimony, Mr. Armstrong, is an elaborate lie!

Unfortunately, Mr. Godot, that doesn't quite work for me. Mr. Armstrong already testified to the contrary. In his own words... "I did not touch anything else" except the mirror!
(I was right! There was no mirror in the restaurant that day!)
(If I can answer this, then I'll be that much closer to the truth! I can feel it!)
There's more than just this one contradiction, Maya.
Remember what Maggey told us? "There was another man at the victim's table." And, "there was a sample CD on the victim's table." It all flies in the face of Mr. Kudo's testimony. (And I think I know the reason why nothing in this case is adding up.)
Yes, Your Honor. The reason behind all the contradictions in Mr. Kudo's testimony is simple.
Clearly, Mr. Kudo made a mistake!
And...?
I-I'm sorry, Your Honor. I was the one who made a mistake.
I believe we're looking at this the wrong way. It was actually the doctor's mistake.
Yes. The doctor got the wrong ear!
I-I'm sorry, Your Honor. I was the one who made a mistake.

This case is riddled with contradictions. Yet, there is one very simple answer that clears them all up.
The incident Mr. Kudo witnessed, and the incident the victim experienced... ...were two completely different events!
Yes! The "victim" that Mr. Kudo saw wasn't Mr. Glen Elg at all! It was an imposter; a phony pretending to be Mr. Elg! Obviously, unlike the victim, there was nothing wrong with the imposter's left eardrum. That's how he ended up wearing the earpiece in his left ear by mistake!
Yes. Someone pretended to be Glen Elg and acted out the whole coffee poisoning. All for the express purpose of creating a "witness" out of one Mr. Victor Kudo!
Isn't it obvious? The thing Mr. Kudo was most insistent about in his testimony was...
There was one, and only one reason to show Mr. Kudo this fake poisoning! To show Maggey Byrde in the act of poisoning the coffee!

No, it's quite simple. All you have to do is testify. You are under oath, after all. Was there, in fact, a phony at Trés Bien that day!? The defense demands that Mr. Armstrong tell the whole truth about what happened.
(Hmm.. He took that perjury charge a bit too well. But I'm guessing he'll be more serious trouble after this cross-examination!)

Was he alone at his table as well?
Yet the defendant, Ms. Byrde, remembers it differently. She swears there was another man at the victim's table.
...!
(What kind of coffee has he been drinking!?)
(Hearing Maya say that makes her seem wise all of a sudden...)

By old man, you mean Victor Kudo, correct?
(So old Mr. Kudo arrived at the restaurant around the same time as the victim. Maybe I should ask about his arrival in more detail.)
(All I need to do is establish that this phony victim really existed. Asking more about the old man is only going to cloud the issue.) I think that's enough about coffee. Please continue with your testimony, Mr. Armstrong.
So you're saying that not much time elapsed between when the victim and Mr. Kudo arrived?
(But that still leaves the possibility that something happened in that gap of time.) And by your recollection, how much time would you say elapsed?
T-Two minutes!? That's all?
(Rats! I knew I shouldn't have pursued this line of questioning...)
Out of curiosity, about what time was it when Mr. Kudo arrived?
(Hmm... Just after 2, huh...)
(I'm glad at least one person is in a good mood...)

Are you absolutely sure about the time?
(I guess you should never get between a hungry judge and his lunch...)
Witness! Get on with your testimony, please!


So your only customers were Mr. Kudo and the victim?
Huh?
(But there's a hole in this testimony somewhere! I'm sure of it!)

Did you see him?
And what about Mr. Kudo?

And what were you doing at that point? Without any customers, you must have had time to kill.
Sorry? What do you mean?
Please don't...


You mean you contacted the police as soon as the incident occurred?
...

Absolutely. Someone was impersonating Mr. Elg, and I refuse to believe he was oblivious. He was there the whole time, after all.
She fell unconscious when the incident occurred, remember?
We'll know for sure once I find a hole in this testimony.
I'm afraid I've finally got you, Mr. Armstrong.
At the time in question, the victim was listening to the radio with his earpiece. The show he was listening to was "Millionaire Radio". Each week, they announce the winning number of a half million dollar lottery ticket.
I wonder...
You say the victim arrived at your restaurant after 2 PM, correct?
That show is broadcast live at 1:30 PM. And it claims to be "the most thrilling 10 minutes of your life"...
Now, supposedly, the victim made some noise when it was announced that he had won. And yet... I don't believe his cry of joy could have occurred after 2 PM! Because the show had already finished more than 30 minutes earlier by that point in time!
This "victim" we've been told about has done nothing but the impossible! Listening to the radio with a ruptured eardrum, catching a show that was already over... There is only one conclusion you can draw from these facts! This "victim" was an imposter, acting out the poisoning 30 minutes after the real murder! Yes, there were two Glen Elgs in Trés Bien that day. The real Glen Elg, now dead, having been poisoned by the real killer... ...and the phony Glen Elg, acting out the events for Mr.
...!
(...What is this? Music Theory 101?)
I don't believe I have to spell this out for court! However! At that time, the real Glen Elg was already dead!
Wh-What!?
Th-The missing corpse...?
Naaaaaargh!
Y-Yes, Your Honor...
E-Evidence!?
(I thought I had him with that contradiction. But he's turned it all around and backed me into a corner instead!)
Clearly, there's no place to hide a body inside Trés Bien. Therefore, the killer must have hauled the body outside!
It'd would* have been too dangerous to take the body outside. Obviously, the body must have been hidden somewhere inside Trés Bien.
Yes, Your Honor. The exact location where the body was concealed inside Trés Bien is...

The body was hidden here!


What are you talking about?
(OK, I need to calm down and get my facts straight. What should I do now?)
I-I think I need to clear my head...
(What's with the Spanish all of a sudden!?)
(There's nothing wrong with my logic so far, I'm sure of it! I'll hit them with another piece of evidence and see if that helps...)
I-I think I need to clear my head...
(What's with the Spanish all of a sudden!?)
(There's nothing wrong with my logic so far, I'm sure of it! I'll have another go at proving where the body was hidden.)
Mr. Armstrong! Do you recognize this bottle?
Interestingly enough, Your Honor. it was found in the kitchen of Trés Bien.
But this bottle doesn't contain aromatherapy oil, Mr. Armstrong. No, it contains a medication.
I'm sure everyone remembers, don't they? That Mr. Elg visited an otolaryngological clinic, and was given medication that day!
The defense had the contents of the bottle analyzed, and I have the lab results here! The contents of the bottle match the prescription that was given to Mr. Elg!
Glen Elg's murderer hid the body in the restaurant kitchen. At which time, this bottle fell out of the victim's pocket. Mr. Armstrong! When the incident occurred, didn't you say you were in the kitchen?
Yes, you know about what I'm about to say, It was YOU who hid the victim's body! You did a fine job pretending to defend my client, Maggey Byrde. However! You were setting her up to take the fall behind the poor girl's back!
(Do you have the slightest idea how many cups you've had by now...?)
(What do they always say in the movies... "I've got a bad feeling about this...")
Let's try a different question then. When Mr. Elg died, was he really the only person at his table?
(I knew it!)
(There's just one more thing I need to do. I gotta break this guy, and get him to tell us the name of the real killer.)

Did you carry the body by yourself?
Maggey, too!?

What man? Who was he?
(He's really scared...)
Yeah, you're right. If he won't tell me, I'll tell him.

You have a half a million dollar debt, don't you?
This is Mr. Armstrong's Achilles heel. And that's why you couldn't refuse anything asked of you by this man!


E-Excuse me?
(Covered!? Like I'm going to leave it to you to finish!) Anyway, the point I am trying to make is that Mr. Armstrong has this one, fatal weakness.

Let's end this dance of Ring Around the Rosie, Mr. Armstrong. This is the man that you've been referring to!
(Oh, I don't know... Maybe a month ago in this very courtroom?) This man is Furio Tigre. He's the manager of a loan office called "Tender Lender".
There's no point trying to hide the truth anymore, Mr. Armstrong. I know you couldn't go against Mr. Tigre. At least, not while he had this on you!


E-Excuse me?
(Covered!? Like I'm going to leave it to you to finish!) Mr. Armstrong! No more games!

And what reason would that be, Mr. Armstrong?
Yes?
(A "maiden"!? You're a bit old to get away with that!)
I can't finish the cross-examination without establishing his reason. So I'll just have to prove it... with evidence!

You have a half a million dollar debt, don't you?
This is Mr. Armstrong's Achilles heel. And that's why you couldn't refuse anything asked of you by this man!


E-Excuse me?
(Covered!? Like I'm going to leave it to you to finish!) Anyway, the point I am trying to make is that Mr. Armstrong has this one, fatal weakness.

Let's end this dance of Ring Around the Rosie, Mr. Armstrong. This is the man that you've been referring to!
(Oh, I don't know... Maybe a month ago in this very courtroom?) This man is Furio Tigre. He's the manager of a loan office called "Tender Lender".
There's no point trying to hide the truth anymore, Mr. Armstrong. I know you couldn't go against Mr. Tigre. At least, not while he had this on you!


E-Excuse me?
(Covered!? Like I'm going to leave it to you to finish!) Mr. Armstrong! No more games!

So, you are claiming that all you did was hide the bodies? Is that correct?
Yeah. But he really doesn't want to tell us who the killer is.
(Yeah, that's not a bad idea!)
A half million dollar loan from a black-market loan shark. And you had no way of paying it back, did you? That's why you were forced to do anything this man told you.
I think we can now safely say that the man who forced your hand was Mr. Furo Tigre.
H-How the...?
I wish I could agree.
When I cross-examined Mr. Armstrong just now... ...he said he was just doing what The Tiger told him to do. But Godot picked up on it, remember? He pointed out that without proof, we don't know if what he testified is the truth.
I don't know. But if that's the line the prosecution takes, we could be in trouble. (I get the feeling that we don't have the case-making evidence we're going to need.)
Detective Gumshoe!
Never mind about the hair! Just calm down, alright?
(No kidding!)
Well, um...
An hour!? The trial will have reconvenced by then!
(True. Without some kind of trump card to pull out of the bag, we're really stuck...) You said you could get some fingerprint analysis done in an hour?
In that case, would you mind checking the prints on this for me?

If you're going back to the station anyway, could you find out whose prints are on this?
Yeah. I think it's time we solved the last mystery of who the prints on it belongs to.

The victim's ear medication that we found in the kitchen?
Um, what about the thing I asked you to run a check on?
(Spare time...? I feel so unimportant right now...)
(This is pretty much the final showdown, I guess...)
(T-Tamed him...? The guy's name may be Furio Tigre, but come on...)
(Don't hide under the table Maya! ...Unless there is room for me down there too!)
(Who could've guessed that fear would induce a bad Brooklyn accent in the judge?)
Ack, no. Of course not... It was... the judge... ... Your Honor!?
(That's it. We're doomed.)
(T... Too cool...)
...!
*gulp* (Maybe I should've brought a diaper with me today...)
L-Lowlife...? Me?
Uh... (That's one loan contract I refuse to sign!)
Y-Yes, Your Honor.
Come out from under there already, would you, Maya?

I don't buy that you haven't even heard of the incident that occurred at Trés Bien!
Um... E-Evidence, yes... Well...
(Grrr... What should I do?)
Mr. Tigre!
Err... If you wouldn't mind going into a bit more detail...
(Ouch. The pain...)
(It's too dangerous to press things without knowing where they might end up. I'd better just focus on gathering information at the moment...)
Nngh...

Are you sure about that? We're talking about one month ago, you know.
Sharp...? (Is he talking about Viola Cadaverini?)
(There he goes again! Hmm... What The Tiger did all December isn't the issue... What's important is what he was doing on the day of the murder... So, now what?)
(It's too dangerous to press things without knowing where they might end up. I'd better just focus on gathering information at the moment...)
Nngh...
Mr. Tigre!
Err... If you wouldn't mind going into a bit more detail...

No! It's essential that we establish the witness's alibi accurately.
The victim was killed on December 3rd. Were you in the office that day, too?
(Don't let an animal beat you! Be a man, Your Honor, and ask him yourself!)

You didn't know Mr. Glen Elg? Really?
(He's seriously considering this!?)
Yeah. And if I want to sell this case, I need to copy.
(I wish it was that easy...)


So I take it you get a lot of customers at your black market loan office?
(...With "best friends" like you, who needs enemies!?)
Um... But I'm not one of your customers... (Should I ask more about Tender Lender or not?)
Mr. Tigre!
Err... If you wouldn't mind going into a bit more detail...
(Ouch. The pain...)
(It's too dangerous to press things without knowing where they might end up. I'd better just focus on gathering information at the moment...)
Nngh...

By "Violetta", you're talking about the Cadaverini family's...?
... Sorry, I... I couldn't quite put it all together towards the end there...
(I get the feeling this might not be the right time to probe him about her...)
Mr. Tigre!
Err... If you wouldn't mind going into a bit more detail...
(Ouch. The pain...)
(It's too dangerous to press things without knowing where they might end up. I'd better just focus on gathering information at the moment...)
Nngh...
Get real, Maya! How about you pay back the money then. Your allowance should cover it!
(Well, I'M certainly not the one who thought the $50,000 was free money!) Anyway, I need to work this guy without pressing his testimony too hard.
(I admit nothing jumps out at me as a contradiction. But I've got to find an opening somewhere... Or I need to make one.)
Mr. Tigre... You claim you didn't know Mr. Glen Elg. But it appears that Mr. Elg knew you.
Mr. Elg left this little note on his calendar. "Meet with The Tiger"... Dated, December 3rd.
So, Mr. Tigre, I submit that you did indeed know one Mr. Glen Elg! Because on the very day of the incident, you met with him!
S-Sorry?
(That's one compliment I can do without! Plus, he's lying through his teeth!)
(He never actually met the victim!? That's got to be a lie right there! It's time I nailed this guy!)
Yes, Your Honor!
Grr...

And yet, your name was written on the victim's calendar!
A-Anyway! If you had never met the victim before, how do explain this note he left?

That's very strange. According to the manager of the firm where the victim worked... ...December 3rd was the date he had to repay his loan. He wasn't due to discuss borrowing money, but repaying what he owed...
So you did meet Mr. Elg, then!?

So your meeting wasn't supposed to be at Trés Bien, then?
(Not exactly a professional office you've got there, you know...) So you were in your office on the day in question?

He didn't show up?
And you yourself didn't go to Trés Bien?
Um...
No, no! No need! I'm good, thanks!

Never? Not even once?

Not likely. Because I'm convinced this guy's behind the whole thing.
Of course. So we can't afford to give him time to think of ways to plug the leaks in it. I've got to nail him while I still can!
Mr. Tigre. Is there something you'd like to tell the court about these matches?
We found them in your office at Tender Lender. They're from "that" restaurant.
If you've really never been to Trés Bien before... ...what was a book of the restaurant's matches doind on your desk!?
Whaaat!?
(I'm this close to proving it was him! He did meet Glen Elg that day. And he did out poison in his coffee! He must have!)
Yes, Your Honor.
(Oh, man. Doesn't the rule of law mean anything around here!?)

So the meeting wasn't due to take place at Tender Lender at all then?
(Maybe it's because of the punching bag that people are scared to come?) So that's why you decided to meet at Trés Bien?
S-Sorry.
(Thank you, sir, may I have another!)

An "ugly scene"? What do you mean?
B-But...!
(I guess I shouldn't have pressed him on that.)


You mean you saw Glen Elg's dead body?
And what time was this?
Huh?
(Is this guy for real!?)


So you didn't actually set foot inside the restaurant, then?
So, when exactly did you pick up the matches?
(Poor Gumshoe... It's almost enough to make a man cry...)

You went straight back? Did a bout of guilt suddenly hit you for what you did?
Um...
(The courtroom's not exactly the place to talk about dark secrets, is it?)
(How about a penalty for those two jokers and the garbage they keep coming up with!?)
He's running out of ways to avoid the truth. I need to press him fast before he has time to think things through. I've got to come right back at him with a contradiction!
You're something of a loan collecting pro, aren't you, Mr. Tigre?
Well I'm something of a lie detecting pro.
And no one escapes The Phoenix's clutches! I think it's time we got something straight.
These are the floor plans of the crime scene. You say you were standing at the entrance, Mr. Tigre? From there, your field of vision would have covered an area something like... this.
Unfortunately for you, that is not possible. If the court would think black, you'll remember that between each of the tables... ...is a tall partition!
Now look at the plans again! The truth is painfully obvious! From the entrance, the field of vision of any customer walking in... ...ends here!
So, from the entrance of Trés Bien, you couldn't have seen the victim's seat. But you did see the victim that day... because you met with him!

But the defense just proved that point to be moot! The "victim" witnessed by Mr. Kudo was not Glen Elg, but a fake!
In order to have Mr. Kudo falsely testify... ...the real killer posed as the victim he had just killed and acted out a charade!
...!


Obviously, it's the person you least expect! Um... What's the matter, Your Honor?
(I guess I should've picked the obvious choice...)
Obviously... ...the killer is Furio Tigre! No one else could have done it.

V-Very impressive, Mr. Godot. ...Waiting for my absence to launch your attack!
It was in my pocket. *ahem* But anyway... Mr. Kudo witnessed two people that day. He saw the victim, the "supposed" Mr. Glen Elg, and the "waitress"... from behind.
I think the conclusion is obvious. If this "Glen Elg" was really the killer in disguise... ...then surely it's possible the "waitress" was also part of the show.
The defendant, Ms. Byrde, fell unconscious immediately after the incident. And someone used her fainting to hatch an elaborate plan to pin the murder on her!


Obviously, it's the person you least expect! Um... What's the matter, Your Honor?
(I guess I should've picked the obvious choice...)
Her name is Viola Cadaverini. She's an employee of Tender Lender.
...
Wh-Where was I? Yes, the defendant, Ms. Byrde, has stated the follwing...
There are just too many contradictions in this case. The "second man" at the victim's table who nobody but Ms. Byrde seems to have seen. The earpiece worn by the victim in his left ear when that eardrum was ruptured! And the radio show he was supposedly listening to half an hour after it was over. There is only one logical explain that clears up all of these contradictions! The whole incident took place twice! Once for real, and once for show! And, Mr. Furio Tigre, the only person who could
Wh-What do you mean?
Something to think about?
But that can't be!
...!
T-Troublemaker...?
(That's faster than fast! 100,000 dollars is twice his principal!)
(His motive? Hmm... He has to have one, but what is it?)

Did he have any way of paying the loan back?
So you were helping him for his sake? Or yours?
(...I don't believe this!)
(Thanks a lot, Maya.)

So how much were you expecting him to pay you back on that day?
And how much was he supposed to pay back every month?
(Yeah, at 50 dollars a month, he'd never pay that huge loan off!)

How much did he have left on his debt?
(That's the whole amount!)

Was that because he...?
(And the whole scene was acted out again 30 minutes later. All so that Mr. Kudo would see it!)

Was there anyone else in the restaurant at the time?
(If there was no one there, I'll wear that ridiculous tiger shirt for a month! Mr. Armstrong, Maggey and if I'm right, Viola Cadaverini, were all there at that time.)
(He makes it sound so cool...)

The waitress. You mean...?
(Maybe I should push a little on this...)
What exactly are you implying the defendant did?

A likely theory! Your word hasn't held water lately, Mr. Tigre.
What do you mean things would have been over and done with?
(The Tiger's motive, huh...)

(The Tiger's trying to pin the crime on Maggey. If I ask him about what he saw, it's only going to damage our case.) What do you mean things would have been over and done with?
(I better leave it at that and try to figure something out...) Thank you, Your Honor, but there is no need to amend the testimony.
(I'm not going to get anywhere with the testimony as it stands...) Your Honor, the defense would like the testimony amended.

Are you saying you had no other motives that day?
(Because of Maggey!?)

A likely theory! Your word hasn't held water lately, Mr. Tigre.
(I better leave it at that and try to figure something out...) Thank you, Your Honor, but there is no need to amend the testimony.
(I'm not going to get anywhere with the testimony as it stands...) Your Honor, the defense would like the testimony amended.

So you just intended to get back the 100,000 dollars Mr. Elg owed you, correct?
Unfortunately for Mr. Elg... I don't believe the 100,000 dollars is what you were after.
Oh, the moneylender was after money. But money in a totally different league. The kind of money that a single disc like this would fetch!
A computer virus, Your Honor. A virus called "MC Bomber"!
A computer virus is a program that wreaks havoc on the insides of a computer.
(I guess the beard isn't the only part of His Honor that is from the stone age!) I'll explain it to you later, Your Honor. Right now, this is the important point... A virus like "MC Bomber" would be worth several million dollars on the black market.
Lending money with no hope of ever seeing repayment would normally be bad for business. But in this case, the very fact that Glen Elg had no way to repay the money is crucial.
Glen Elg was a programmer. A highly skilled programmer. That skill was the collateral Mr. Elg put up in order to borrow the money.
Exactly.
Of course he could... Provided that he had time. But what if he had needed the money right then? When the pressure's on, the luxury of choice tends to disappear.


What!? What do you mean?
(Since when did he have the right to dish out penalties?)
100,000 dollars wasn't enough for Mr. Tigre. He needed much more money than that. And in a hurry!
In December of last year, you found yourself in need of a huge amount of money.
About 6 months ago, you were involved in a traffic accident, weren't you? An accident involving a car and a scooter, in which a young woman was injured. She was taken to the hospital, where she underwent surgery.
These medical papers document the treatment of the young woman in question. According to these, her operation cost... one million dollars! Payment for these expenses was due in December of last year, and was paid in full!
But Mr. Tigre had no choice but to pay! Because his very life depended on it!
Indeed it did. Simply because the injured woman was none other than Viola Cadaverini.
Bruto Cadaverini, Mob boss in charge of all underworld activities in the city, and... ...doting grandfather to his precious "Violetta", also known as Viola Cadaverini.
Your life was in danger unless you paid "compensation" to the boss, correct? It makes sense! You were desperate to acquire the one million dollars Cadaverini demanded of you! So desperate, in fact, that you decided to sacrifice Glen Elg's life to pay your debt!

So you just intended to get back the 100,000 dollars Mr. Elg owed you, correct?
Unfortunately for Mr. Elg... ...100,000 dollars wasn't enough to cover it, wasn't it?
About 6 months ago, you were involved in a traffic accident, weren't you? An accident involving a car and a scooter, in which a young woman was injured. She was taken to the hospital, where she underwent surgery.
These medical papers document the treatment of the young woman in question. According to these, her operation cost... one million dollars! Payment for these expenses was due in December of last year, and was paid in full!
But Mr. Tigre had no choice but to pay! Because his very life depended on it!
Indeed it did. Simply because the injured woman was none other than Viola Cadaverini.
Bruto Cadaverini, Mob boss in charge of all underworld activities in the city, and... ...doting grandfather to his precious "Violetta", also known as Viola Cadaverini.
Your life was in danger unless you paid "compensation" to the boss, correct? It makes sense! You were desperate to acquire the one million dollars Cadaverini demanded of you! So desperate, in fact, that you decided to sacrifice Glen Elg's life to pay your debt!

I don't think so. In fact, the opposite is true.
Lending money with no hope of ever seeing repayment would normally be bad for business. But in this case, the very fact that Glen Elg had no way to repay the money is crucial.
You've got to think outside the box, Maya.
It's very straightforward. Mr. Tigre wasn't after the 100,000 dollars at all.


What!? What do you mean?
(Since when did he have the right to dish out penalties?)
Mr. Tigre needed one million dollars. Recovering a loan 100,000 dollars wasn't enough. (Besides, Elg had the means to make that kind of money if he wanted to.)
Glen was a programmer. A highly skilled programmer. That skill was the collateral Mr. Elg put up in order to borrow the money.
He had the skill to create a computer virus, and so he did. A virus known as "MC Bomber"!
A computer virus is a program that wreaks havoc on the insides of a computer.
(I guess the beard isn't the only part of His Honor that is from the stone age!) I'll explain it to you later, Your Honor. Right now, this is the important point... A virus like "MC Bomber" would be worth several million dollars on the black market. Mr. Tigre! You couldn't have cared less about the 100,000 dollars! Isn't that right? All you cared about was one thing! The virus!
Yeah, so what's The Tiger's motive? (This is the big one. If I don't manage to undermine this testimony, it's all over for us.) Why would he have to poison Mr. Elg? And why did he loan him the money in the first place, when he knew he couldn't repay him?
On the day of the murder, Mr. Tigre's sole intention was to get his hands on this CD! Glen Elg had no way of paying back the 100,000 dollars, and Mr. Tigre knew it. But then a miracle happened. The kind that Mr. Tigre would prefer to say never happened. But he can't. Neither can I.
Exactly! At the eleventh hour, Mr. Elg won half a million dollars on the lottery! Which left Mr. Tigre with no way of getting his hands on the all-important CD. At least, no legitimate way. So he resorted to illegitimate means.
He murdered Glen Elg, and then made his next move... To frame Maggey Byrde for the crime! Mr. Tigre posed as Glen Elg... ...while Viola Cadaverini played the role of Ms. Byrde. And then they re-enacted the whole thing, in order to establish a witness. The witness being the one we all heard testify yesterday, Mr. Victor Kudo.

But Mr. Armstrong knew all about it. Have you forgotten already, Mr. Godot? Mr. Armstrong owed the witness money, too. Half a million dollars, in fact. He had no choice but to go along with Mr. Tigre's plan!
...!
I agree.
Despite your appearance, you are very careful. That's why you took one more precaution. One more trick to make sure Ms. Byrde had no way out!


Um... It's, uh... just a little intro...
No! Wait! Mr. Tigre did play a trick! A huge trick!
(Consider yourself insulted, Your Honor!) Mr. Tigre. You didn't just pose as the victim on the day in question. A month ago, in this very court, you posed as me!
...The truth.
...!

Have you no pride, sir!?
Nrrrgh...
Your Honor!?
Nooooooo!
Nnaaaaaaaaaaaargh!
...!
(All we managed to do here was chase him around a bit. But I was so close to getting him to admit his own guilt!)
(If I just had one more piece of evidence... One more piece of evidence and maybe I could get Maggey off the hook!)
Detective Gumshoe!
The results?
...
I know. Look, I'm sorry. This is kind of hard to say, but... It really doesn't make any difference whose prints are on that bottle now.
What we need to produce at this stage in the trial... ...is irrefutable evidence that The Tiger put poison in Glen Elg's coffee. He's already admitted that he met the victim. The fact that his prints are on this bottle... That's really doesn't make any difference now.
(He's gone...)
(I wish there was! Gumshoe worked so hard to get that evidence. If only there was some way I could use it...)
Yes, Your Honor.
Um... Yes...
(Think, Phoenix! Don't let Gumshoe's hard work go to waste!)
(Well I know I can't prove anything new with this evidence. I'm really backed into a corner here. But maybe if he thinks he's got me beat... ...he'll let his guard down a bit!)
This is the defense's final piece of evidence.
Your Honor. Naturally, the court is already aware of the contents of this bottle. However, interesting new information has come to light. We have clearly identified some fingerprints on it. Fingerprints belonging to you, Mr. Tigre!
(Everyone in here knows what this bottle contains. Except one man. One person in this courtroom should theoretically be in the dark.)
(A phony trial, a phony lawyer, and phony clues. Everything about this case has been phony. Seems like the perfect excuse for some phony evidence!) Mr. Tigre! This is the decisive piece of evidence that will prove your guilt! Why? Because it contains...
(The evidence on its own isn't worth anything. I guess I'll just have to take the plunge and...)
(Oops. Looks like I better reconsider. I've got to take advantage of the fact that The Tiger thinks he's won... ...and lead him into a trap! And a phony piece of evidence is the way to do it!)
As we all know, this bottle contains Glen Elg's medic--
Oh, yeah...
(Oops. Looks like I better reconsider. I've got to take advantage of the fact that The Tiger thinks he's won... ...and lead him into a trap! And a phony piece of evidence is the way to do it!)
This is the bottle containing the potassium cyanide.
The poison used to murder Mr. Elg, Your Honor. The victim's killer used this very bottle!
And on this bottle, Mr. Tigre, we found your fingerprints. Well!? How do you explain that!?
What!?
A bluff?
No, no. This is the bottle we found traces of the poison in.
(Got him! At last...)
Is this the bottle you're referring to?
You were summoned to this court for the first time earlier today. If you really had nothing to do with the murder... ...you shouldn't have known all the little details. For instance, you shouldn't have known what kind of bottle the potassium cyanide was in.
But just now, you slipped up in front of every single person in this courtroom. You described the exact bottle used by the killer to hold the poison!
Sure, the last piece of evidence was phony. But that's just what you deserve! The phony trial with a phony lawyer... It was all played out by you, the biggest phony of all!
Yes, she was.
(Godot...)
Hey! That wasn't me, Maggey! That was The Tiger.
(Detective Gumshoe!)
W-Wait!
Wait up, Detective! (He just ran off!)
(Poor guy...)
(Yeah, Maya is right. I should help Gumshoe out. It's clear he needs it.) Uh, Maggey... You know, Detective Gumshoe's been really worried about you through all of this.
He didn't have any choice, Maggey. He's a detective. He has to report the facts.
(I've got to prove her that Gumshoe really cares about her. I know. I'll give her a little present to celebrate her freedom...)

Here you are. A present to celebrate your freedom!
A present from Detective Gumshoe, made with a ton of love.
Yeah, the trial dragged on a bit today, didn't it?

Huh!? Uh, I thought it'd be a good present. You know, to celebrate your freedom.
(That didn't seem to do the trick...)
Good. We'll look forward to it.
