Let's put the past behind us, shall we? These days, I'm merely Phoenix Wright, piano player.
Ah, Winston Payne. Subtle as ever, I see.
...
...My pleasure.
I am a pianist by trade... yet I can hardly play at all.
I am a pianist by trade... yet I can hardly play at all.
Oh, I play sometimes. When customers demand it. So I play them one song. That's usually all they want.
The title of "pianist" is a mask -- a respectable face I wear for the world at large.
My real job is to take on interested customers over at the poker table.
That would seem to be the case. I am a professional, after all.
Yes. Your imagination was always a bit limited, Winston.
I've played poker for seven years in that little room. And I've never. Lost. Once.
You see why the customers come now? "Defeat the undefeated poker champion"... It's quite a draw. That is, I'm quite a draw.
As I said, I'm a professional.
... Now that's strange.
I was testifying about the competition that night. Asking me about the crime at this point is against the rules, Your Honor. Of course, I expected to hear a cry of "Objection!" from the defense...
... Sure, why not?
The room where we play and the competition in there are the club's main attractions.
It has quite a history, actually. The Borscht Bowl Club used to be a gathering spot for black market types back in the day.
All in the past. Things like the black market are only on the silver screen nowadays. Suffice it to say that there were a lot of deals being made under the table. Right there in that room.
The bosses gather around the table, cutting deals, safe from the eyes of the law... Meanwhile, a goon keeps watch through the small window... I can practically picture it now.
The room had a few other tricks to it... Though it was common knowledge to our regulars. At any rate, they come to play poker in a room steeped in history. Despite the dark past, it was all just good, clean fun.
... Now that's strange.
I was testifying about the competition that night. Asking me about the crime at this point is against the rules, Your Honor. Of course, I expected to hear a cry of "Objection!" from the defense...
... Sure, why not?
The rules are simple: we play a game of poker using two decks of cards.
A simple measure to prevent cheating. If you alternate two decks, no one can slip in cards.
Incidentally, we used two types of cards at the club. One deck of cards was red. The other blue.
Heh... Yes. A game of "hands".
... Now that's strange.
I was testifying about the competition that night. Asking me about the crime at this point is against the rules, Your Honor. Of course, I expected to hear a cry of "Objection!" from the defense...
... Sure, why not?
That's all it is... a game. And our customers are happy.
That's right. It was simply a game.
The only thing at stake in our game... was pride itself.
I plead silence regarding the murder. But I will say I never touched the murder weapon.
The defendant has the right to refuse to testify. ...I haven't forgotten everything about the law.
And it's your job to turn that around in our favor, yes?
So I said.
... I stand by my plea of silence regarding the murder. ...For now.
...
Yes?
Oh? You mean this?
Yes, it's a locket... with a photograph inside. A photo... of my daughter.
...

...You can't end the trial here, Your Honor. Not yet.
Think. One of the cards had a different colored back. Don't you wonder what it means?
As was said before... We alternated between two decks of cards that night.
The two decks at the club have different colored backs: Blue... and red. One color per deck.
If we used the same color, the two decks might get mixed.
We used the red deck for the last game.
Yes, a card slipped into the deck would seem to indicate cheating... Yet... this card raises two serious questions. ...Apollo?
Let's consider the first question, shall we? Think. In the last game... when was the card swapped?
There are three broad possibilities here. It could have been swapped before the murder, during the murder... or after the murder.
Oh? It might be as simple as you think, Mr. Payne. Or it might not be.
I'd like to hear what Apollo thinks first... When do you think the cards were swapped?
I wonder...
Think. When you're playing poker... ...which side of the cards face your opponent?
Would that be the moment the cards were shown?
Quite true. That would mean that the blue card in question... ...was swapped after the hands were shown, after the murder!
Who indeed. That's one of the mysteries before us.
Yes. A simple, yet decisive question must be asked: Who swapped the red card for a blue card?
And why would I do such a thing?
Sorry... I'm a nice guy, but I'm not that nice.

Sorry... But there's a problem with that explanation.
The swapped card was from the wrong deck.
Mixing a card from the wrong deck... when the backs are different colors? Remember that you're talking about Olga Orly... She was the dealer. Do you really think she would make such a novice mistake?
Give it a little more thought, Apollo.
Heh. Heh heh heh heh.
Oh, my apologies, Your Honor. I was just thinking how much fun all this is.
Precisely.
I believe we're about to see this case take... a new direction.
We'll find that, indeed, after the murder... ...someone swapped one of the cards in the victim's hand. And that someone made two critical mistakes.
Because the one who did the swap didn't know two colors of cards were being used. The other mistake... was the number on the card.
I'm sure whoever swapped it wasn't expecting there to be a fifth ace, after all. All they knew was that the game had been won with a full house. So they picked up a king from the table, and swapped it in.
True, not until now. But you have to admit the possibility of a fourth person. Though it's more than a possibility. There was someone else there that night at the scene of the crime.
I believe this new evidence, shall we say... overturns that assumption?
...I suppose that is a problem, yes.
Well now... I'd think you would know the answer to that?
I see you haven't mellowed out one bit, Kristoph.
You did well, Apollo.
Sure.
Ah, you're wondering about the victim's disappearing locket? Here, you can take a look at it. That's a picture of my daughter in there.
Most people are. Perhaps you'll meet her one of these days.
... What do you think?
You know what happened seven years ago... What I did. It's not unreasonable for you to think I might cheat.
Want to know something? There's only one game where you can be dealt bad cards all night and still win. Poker.
You see, poker is all about reading your opponent. In that way, it's a lot like a court case.
Figure out what your opponent is thinking, and you win.
I think not.
Try as they might to conceal it, everyone reveals their true thoughts in the end. Their body language can become a valuable source of information.
That witness, for instance, Ms. Orly. She would touch the back of her neck during certain parts of her testimony. Did you notice?
Words, habits, twitches... It's all information for the reading. That's the secret to winning, Apollo. Someone taught me, and now, I pass the secret on to you.
No. You can do it.
You just don't know it yet.
But you will. Soon. Ah, almost forgot. One more thing. About this case... You should know, I haven't told the truth to anyone yet.
I have my reasons, of course. All shall be revealed. And Apollo... I need you to be there, defending me. I need your power.
...It's time. The real trial begins now. Do your best.
That witness, for instance, Ms. Orly. She would touch the back of her neck during certain parts of her testimony. Did you notice?
Heh heh heh... What tangled webs we weave when we practice to deceive. So tangled, we catch ourselves in the process.
Such a hasty conclusion... It's not like you, Kristoph Gavin.
Why not consider the other possibility? ...That there was another person in the room at the time of the murder?
A single card was swapped into the victim's hand after the murder. And the one who swapped the card didn't know two colors of cards were being used. ...A fourth person.
Indeed. That's why I decided to bring this case to court. Here, where there's no escape, and no chance for deception... The perfect place to catch the real criminal.
And, we're in luck. A clue to the real criminal's identity was kindly provided for us. And right at the beginning of the trial, no less.
Apollo... perhaps you know what I'm talking about?
Remember what I said. The fourth person who swapped the cards made one critical error.
Right. But how could such an obvious mistake occur? The cards used for the last game were red. Yet, there is one person, here, in our court... ...who thought those cards were blue.
Well, Apollo? Think you can figure out who it was?
Let's hear what the defense has to say. Who was it? Who thought the cards used in the final game were blue?
... As I expected. Your eyes and ears are as sharp as your hair.
... Apollo, do you seriously think that?
Well, it can't be helped. I almost missed it myself...
But it doesn't do anyone any good to turn their eyes away from the truth.
Does it... Kristoph?
Kristoph Gavin. You were the fourth person that night.
...How would he? As you can see, the photo of the crime scene is black and white. You can't tell which of the cards are blue: the ones on the floor, or the table.
Yes, but when he said the cards were "blue"... ...it was well before this evidence came to light!
Well, Kristoph?
Oh, Kristoph? You know even I'd never take a joke this far.
I assure you, I'm quite sane.
I wasn't aware that I had a connection to Mr. Smith, either.
Well... What if they have?
There is a possibility, after all. They may have met that night, before the game started.
You heard what the judge said, Apollo?
It's your decision. Yours.
That evening, Kristoph and I had dinner. We sat at the table in the photograph.
I dine with him rather frequently.
Quite against my will, I had become involved in a murder. I thought I might be in need of a lawyer, so I called him.
The only thing I want... is the truth. As I did back then... and now.
That evening, Kristoph and I had dinner. We sat at the table in the photograph.
Yes, he dines with me at the Borscht Bowl Club quite frequently. We were enjoying a usual dinner at our usual spot... as usual.
I always eat at the table closest to the piano.
...Indeed. The remnants of my meal with Kristoph. We dined for two hours, then Kristoph left. After that...
Shadi Smith walked in five minutes after Kristoph left.
That would have been a "fateful encounter" to be sure.
I believe I did say that.
Oh it would be. If that was all that really happened.
When the "trap" failed, Smith hit the waitress.
Yes... A harmless prank, in essence. It was by a quirk of fate that I happened to discover it...
I happened to put a hand in my pocket... and found a card.
Yes, I snuck a peek at it and found it was the Five of Hearts. I had a feeling something might happen so I disposed of the card... before the game.
There was an empty bottle of grape juice I had been drinking right beside me. I threw the card inside the bottle.
Yes. I rolled it up and shoved it in. The colored glass makes it hard to see.
I discovered the "trap" during the game, and disposed of the card in the bottle.
I perceived my opponent's intent immediately. I'm used to entrapment, you see. I knew what was coming.
I know every trick in the book. They don't work on me.
Yes?
Hmm? No? ...
I can't say that I know what happened to the card. I did put it in that bottle, however.
The girl was knocked out cold, and Smith was uncontrollable. I left to call the police.
Exactly. Cell phones don't get a signal down in the Hydeout.
Not a soul. It was the middle of the night, after all. So there, in the darkened restaurant, I called the cops. After making the call, I returned to the Hydeout. It didn't seem right to leave the injured waitress alone.
When I returned, he was dead, blood streaming from a cut on his forehead.
Dead, yes. I'll admit, I was a little startled when I walked in.
He was bleeding from his forehead, after all.
Yes?
... Good point.
Ah... I forgot to mention something. I was the one who put that hat on his head.
He wore it through our entire poker game. After calling the police, when I returned to the scene, his head was in full view. Shining bright... Just like in this photograph.
I picked his hat up off the floor and put it on his head.
All I can say is... I'm sorry. But that's the only thing I touched at the crime scene.
I'd think not. She was out cold. I believe I was the only one who witnessed his head.
That's when I made another phone call... To Defense Attorney Gavin.
I'd obviously gotten involved in a rather... sticky affair. And I figured Kristoph's law offices would give me a friend rate for my defense fees...
Oh, I'll pay in full, Kristoph. It was I who got you involved, after all.
Well. You certainly have a unique way of treating your clients, Kristoph. I never knew.
Don't be misled... I haven't told a single lie here.
When I noticed the "trap"... I put the card in the bottle to dispose of it. And when I put the hat on the victim's head... Let's just say I had a reason for doing that as well.
That reason... is right here.
That night... Recall that I spoke with Defense Attorney Gavin after calling the police. Just in case, I recorded our conversation.
Now that we're all here, I see no reason why I shouldn't play it back for the court.
Kristoph. I seem to be in a bit of trouble.
Something like that.
He turned out to be dead. Someone hit him. Hard.
Me? Please. The cops should be here any minute. I'm in your hands... Should it come to that.
A kind of porcelain, very smooth and shiny. And not "plate", but "pate". I believe he was referring to a certain gentleman's balding forehead.
Most certainly.
Yes... That was when I began to see my good friend in a different light.
Troubled, I returned to the crime scene. And when I spotted Mr. Smith's head again, I realized exactly what was wrong. Well, Mr. Gavin. The stage has been set. Perhaps you would like to explain this to the court? Exactly how did you come by your privileged knowledge of the victim's head?
Your point, Mr. Gavin?

I wouldn't call it inordinate, Mr. Gavin.
Wow, things sure look different from the other side. You know what I mean, Apollo? Speaking of "looking from the other side", let's consider something for a second. The victim wore that hat all night, never once taking it off, except for that one time.
... Not bad, Apollo.
...So you are, Mr. Gavin.
And you had to testify as you just did... You had to tell them you saw the scene of the crime through that little window...
You had to say that... ...because that was the only probable window of opportunity. Right, Apollo?
Ah, there he is! The "Coolest Defense in the West" we know and love. Even when you're standing up there on the witness stand... Some things never change.
Glad to see we agree, Mr. Gavin.
Remember, Apollo. The card that was swapped out was the fifth ace...
...Apollo.
Don't forget... You already know the answer. You just don't realize it yet.
Take a moment to think it over again... OK?
...
So kind of you.
Is it going to be a problem for you to cross-examine your own boss?
Oh, that card? It's mine. That is, I picked it up at the Borscht Bowl Club that night after the murder had occurred. I gave it to my daughter. Cards are her stock and trade, after all.
A fraud? How can you be so sure?
I would think the only person who could claim it was a fraud... ...would be the one who took the real card from the crime scene... The real killer!
Allow me to elaborate. What if this trace of blood was the reason?
For the killer to take the card from the scene of the crime.
Take another look at the photo... and at the victim's head. At the moment of the crime, his hat fell to the floor... ...and a trickle of blood ran from his forehead down the back of his head. Couldn't a drop of that blood have fallen on one of the cards?
The killer then took the card to hide the blood.
Oh?
Oh, we can discuss the finer points of our legal system later... What's important now is that I've answered your question.
You wanted to know why the killer would have taken a card from the crime scene. And now, I've told you. That one drop of blood would have been decisive evidence, you see.

Oh, I assure you it's quite based.
It's amazing, really. How a single drop of blood on a single card can lead us... to the truth. It's quite simple. Well, Apollo?
Try picturing the scene of the crime in your head. The murder took place in the Hydeout... The body of the luckless victim was found at the poker table. And, before the killer swapped a card out... ...there was a single card with a drop of blood on it in the victim's hand. Given this... ...there is one, decisive problem with this scene.
Let's keep it simple, shall we? Given that there was a drop of blood on a card... ...whose position in this diagram doesn't fit? The victim's? The killer's? The witness's? The second witness's? Whose position doesn't fit with the bloody card?
Ah, just looking at you reminds me of the old days. Not the good old days, per se.
Yet, do you not sense a great feeling of "potential" in his silence?
Incidentally, we were sitting in swivel chairs.
Apollo, try turning the chair around.
When I came back to the room, the body was facing as seen in this photo.
Let's take the next step. Look at the diagram once more. We know now the victim was facing away from the table at the time of the murder. But... this creates another significant contradiction.
Let's test your reasoning skills again, shall we? Apollo, whose location on this diagram contradicts our new understanding of the crime? The victim's? The killer's? The witness's? The second witness's? Whose location creates a contradiction if the victim was facing away?
Though you're certainly giving him a run for his money.
Oh, give him another chance, Your Honor. As you can see... ...he quite clearly regrets his mistakes.
Alright, Apollo. One more time, OK?
Indeed.
I would think it'd be quite hard, yes.
I believe a sufficient reason will soon come to light.
There's something in this diagram that makes far less sense, actually. Look again at the diagram. Apollo, if the victim was struck while he was sitting as shown here... ...where would his assailant be standing? Try marking it on the diagram.
Don't worry... Let's think it through and see what we find. We know the victim was facing toward the wall at the time of the crime. That's the only thing we know for sure. Try to forget about everything else... Where would the killer have to be standing to strike our victim from the front?
Try not to overthink things, Apollo. What does your instinct tell you?
It's simple logic, really... If this was the only place the killer could have been standing... ...then that means that, at the very moment of the crime...
I mean, that's the only explanation! Right, Mr. Gavin?
Your Honor! I have a suggestion for the defense. We should arrange to examine the cupboard in the Hydeout immediately!
Ah, Your Honor?
There's one more thing your men should look for. Please give this to the bailiff.
I do my best. But let's forge ahead here while we wait. Look at the diagram once again. It's been changed. If the killer was standing here at the time of the crime... ...then this cupboard wasn't here. Which means... Apollo, try moving the cupboard. Thank you. As you can see, the cupboard was the problem. At the time of the murder, it has to have been as shown here. Now everything is in place to reconstruct the moment of the crime... Oh, my! What's this...?
Look at the diagram of the crime scene once more. It appears we've found yet another contradiction... What I believe to be the final contradiction, in fact.
Notice something, Apollo? Our line of deduction is rapidly approaching its logical conclusion.
Sure, why not?
Oh? Is the "Coolest Defense in the West" losing his cool?
It's only a game until someone gets killed, Mr. Gavin. And someone was... while the window to that room was blocked by a cupboard.
So, Mr. Gavin. Perhaps you'd like to explain to the court. Exactly where did you witness the crime scene from?
Ah yes. I believe I mentioned something of the sort before. This is one of the tricks to the room many of our regulars know about...
A secret passage is a handy thing to have when you're engaged in illegal goings-on. Never know when you might need to duck away from the eyes of the law.
The other side connects to the restaurant above. The underworld bosses could get away from the cops... And enjoy a cold bowl of borscht, no doubt. Just like our killer. You see where our line of simple deductive reasoning has led us, Apollo?
The victim must have heard the cupboard sliding aside.
...After the deed was done, the criminal must have seen the blood on the card. He would have, of course, realized the need to destroy the evidence. That single spot of blood told the whole story of the crime.
Your point, Mr. Gavin?

Let me ask you, Mr. Gavin... Is there still any reason, at present, to suspect me of wrongdoing?
Ah, see how the caught fish squirms to the last... Well, Apollo?
Your boss seems awfully concerned about this bottle still... But I'm sure you can come up with a suitable explanation... Just like that.
Don't let him trick you into thinking his explanation is the only legitimate one.
Take another look at the Court Record. I believe you'll find a simple answer there... In plain sight.
...You're thinking too hard, Apollo. The answer's right in front of you. Just reach down and pick it up. ...Or try picturing situations in which one might grab a bottle upside-down.
Recall our dinner that evening, Kristoph.
I was drinking my usual juice then, too.

I wouldn't be so sure about that.
...Your Honor. When you initiated the investigation of the Hydeout earlier... ...do you recall I requested an additional investigation?
Say, Apollo...
Why don't you go ahead and examine that bottle.
Just humor me.
That bottle will solve this case once and for all.
Recall that unpleasant woman's testimony for a moment...
Yes, our little swindling devotchka.
I happened to put my hand in my pocket... and found a card.
Yes, I snuck a peek at it and found it was the Five of Hearts. I had a feeling something might happen so I disposed of the card... before the game.
There was an empty bottle of grape juice I had been drinking right beside me. I threw the card inside the bottle.
The Five of Hearts... This is the card! The bottles were swapped. And the only one who could have done that was the fourth person in the club that night. You, Mr. Kristoph Gavin.
...That is all.
... My past is like my logic, straight and true. Nothing's changed. All I did was point the finger of justice in the proper direction.
...
... I'm afraid I can't shed any more light on the matter.
Yes?
Kristoph Gavin... ...was a man with much significance for me. Both as a friend... and a lawyer.
I needed two things before I could confront him: The first was a place where no injustice would be tolerated... This courtroom. The second was a man who would tolerate no injustice... In other words, a defense attorney. You, Apollo.
A dark time is coming for our legal system... A twisting of justice brought on by our very own court system. We have to set it right.
Our work lies ahead of us... and I, for one, am looking forward to it.
Thanks, Apollo. You came through, just like I thought you would.
I couldn't have done it by myself. You sensed it too, today, didn't you? Your... ability.
Yes... a sensitivity I lack. You'll come to understand it soon enough.
You'll have to find the answer to that question yourself.
What possible reason could he have had to commit murder? Perhaps you'll learn that in the days to come...
This locket is the key...
That's right. She's my daughter. You know, you were right about this locket.
I took this off his neck the night he died. ...But it looks like our dear "Russian" scam artist saw me. So the truth is, this locket really did belong to him.
I said no such thing, actually.
I merely said that it was "a locket" with my daughter's picture inside. A subtle distinction, but a distinction none the less. And it's the truth.
Sometimes the straightest path to the truth isn't the best one... Give it time. You're still just getting started with your career.
... Apollo.
How about coming to work for me?
I can't imagine that to be true, but...
Oh, I turned in my badge, yes. I'm not an attorney anymore.
I'm... not qualified to stand in a court of law, I'm afraid. Didn't you notice in today's trial? There was a single piece of forged evidence.
I'm talking about evidence that shouldn't have existed. A naughty magician's trick...
Yes... That card couldn't have been found at the crime scene.
... Or maybe you didn't notice.
No matter, I'll tell you. It was this.
Frankly, this couldn't have been found at the scene of the crime.
Why? Because the killer took it with him when he left. Leaving the wrong card in its place... luckily for us.
A fraud? How can you be so sure? I would think the only person who could claim it was a fraud... ...would be the one who took the real card from the crime scene... The real killer!
My verdict was already handed down... seven years ago.
Yes. I forged this card. One look at the crime scene should've told you it wasn't real.
Who's calling themselves an attorney, Apollo?
... None of that matters much now, does it?
...
... ...It's your story from here on out, Apollo. Perhaps I can help you turn the next page... My office's address. Drop in, if you like.
Oh, about your uppercut... Try yelling, "Take that!" next time. I find it packs a little more punch. And Apollo, thanks for today. I had a good time.
