These are dark times, where the law has been reduced to rubble. And it's up to us to restore it to its former glory. "Yeah, I know what you mean. It looks like your target finally decided to make a move. Don't you worry, I got a trusty new partner onboard."
"She's been with us for half a year, though I can hardly believe it. Anyway, her power will be our greatest weapon."
"Yeah. It's for this very reason I returned. Time to bring it to an end."
Objection!
Sorry it took me so long to get here, Athena. Apollo explained the whole thing to me over the phone. He asked me to come help you out in his place.
Oh, I don't know. I think you were doing just fine, all things considered. And you hung in there, giving me enough time to get here. Now, let's turn things around!
Your Honor! Mr. Payne has called for an early ruling... ...but I believe there are still many things that need to be deliberated. How did Ms Woods's fingerprints wind up on the stuffed animal tail? How was the bomb even detonated? Until these questions are answered, I assert it's impossible for a fair ruling to be made!
(Ms. Woods really looks like she's having a hard time.)
Because of yesterday?
Poor thing. And here she is, back at the courthouse again, being so brave. I'd like to make a request, Your Honor. If at all possible, I'd like to have Ms. Woods rest in the lobby.
...It's been a while, Mr. Payne.
WHAAAT?! ("Longstanding rival"...? When were we ever rivals, let alone "longstanding"...?)
(*sigh* Looks like this royal Payne is going to be as thoroughly unpleasant as the other.)
(He can!)
(Hmm... So he was the first to discover the body, was he?)
So even though the bomb was supposed to be disarmed, it somehow got switched on?
*ahem* I'd now like to begin my cross-examination-- Huh?
(A B-BOMB?!)
Athena, you can come out now.
I guess you were pretty scared, huh?
(*sigh* As transparent as ever...)
We were at the "cross-examination"!
(She seems disoriented. I wonder if she's all right... Maybe I should ask Athena if she remembers how to cross-examine... to help her focus.)
Um, Athena, you remember how to conduct a cross-examination, right?
Now, now! Don't get upset! But what do you say to humoring me with a little review...?
And what if nothing conflicts with the witness's testimony?
Looks like you remember it just as I taught it. (And it was a nice refresher course for me!)
(Nah, no need for that right now. She'll be fine.)
Sounds good. I'll be counting on you if I get in a bind. All right. It's cross-examination time!
You say that you disarmed the bomb... but are you sure it was really disarmed?
Uh, that looks more like "dismantle" than "disarm" to me...
Let's see. Is there any chance you could have forgotten to disarm the bomb?
They say "to err is human." (Although the jury is still out on this guy...)
(Hmm... I guess I can rule out the possibility that he forgot to disarm it...) Could you talk about the bomb in a little more detail for the court, Mr. Tonate?
What was the approximate size and weight of the bomb?
If you dropped that thing anywhere, I'd be "hopping" for the nearest exit!
Why were you in the gallery?
(The disarming part, I get, but assembling them...?)
Uh, I don't think that will be necessary... (...Or worth either of our time.)
You saw it counting clearly, with your own eyes? I'd hardly think a timer as small as the one on this bomb could be seen from the gallery.
(Why do I suddenly feel like a bug under a magnifying glass?)
I'm not so sure. There's something that just doesn't sit right with me...
(The bomb was completely hidden inside the stuffed animal. So well concealed, in fact, that it didn't even look like a bomb at all!)
That's right. Listening carefully to Mr. Tonate's testimony is just the first step. After that, it's a matter of taking a look at any evidence that seems relevant.
(Hmm... A bomb that didn't look like a bomb because it was inside a stuffed animal, huh...)
So you say you saw the bomb's countdown, is that right?
And I say... that you are CLEARLY lying!
There is no way you could have seen the bomb's timer. After all, the bomb was concealed inside a stuffed animal.
Mr. Tonate! How can you claim to know the bomb was about to go off... ...when you couldn't even see the timer?!
Always remember, Athena. When you find an inconsistency in a witness's testimony, there's always a reason behind it. It could be a lie, a hidden meaning, a secret... Whatever it is, it's up to us to dig it out.
(Now the question is, what can we dig out of Mr. Tonate?)
How in the world did you hear such a tiny little sound all the way from the gallery?!
I hardly think "training" would help you hear something so soft from so far away... (What now?!)
(Now he's just showing off.)
(And you're just overflowing with attractive qualities, are you...?)
Well... no, but... (...it still seems totally suspect... But it's going to be really hard to prove that he DIDN'T hear something...)
The remote switch?
How can you assert so unequivocally that the bomb was rearmed in the lobby?!
Someone other than Mr. Tonate could have opened the case and taken the bomb out.
Nevertheless! Mr. Payne's assertion is nothing more than conjecture! You have no proof that it was Ms. Woods who stole the remote switch!
AH! That TAIL!
(Urk. Talk about a rotten hand... As long as they have her fingerprints as their trump card, I'm at a big disadvantage.)
(I'm worried about her condition, but we DO need her testimony. On the other hand... ...I'm not sure I want to make Athena mad...)
! (Guess there's no hiding from her, huh...)
(Guess she's already at Anger Level 1...)
The defense has no objections, Your Honor.
Me? Yes?
(Grrr! This guy is hiding something! I just know it!)
(She looks even worse off than before...)
(This is getting ugly...)
Wh-What?! Of course not! Do we have to review Courtroom Manners 101 again?!
I haven't forgotten about how he treated you.
(Looks like Athena's picking something up with her heightened sense of hearing... And it sounds like this time it's the voice of Ms. Woods's heart.)
(I should probably be the adult here and stop the two of them, but...)
(This isn't going to work, so what now...? Hey, wait a minute! Even if she can't vocalize what she wants to say, we can listen to what's inside her heart! Yes, now's the perfect time to use Athena's power!) You can hear it, can't you, Athena? The cries of Ms. Woods's heart?
(Athena has a unique ability, you see. With her finely-tuned sense of hearing, she can hear the words of a witness's heart. In essence, she can sense how a person is really feeling from the tone of their voice. Guess it's all up to Athena and her special ability now!) Athena, I want you to use the analytical psychology you studied... ...and listen to the testimony of Ms. Woods's heart.
So your holographic thingamabob can show us how Ms. Woods is feeling, right?
So, with your special ability and Widget's Mood Matrix program... ...we can track how Ms. Woods is feeling as she testifies. Talk about the wonders of technology...
(Okay! It's time to listen to Ms. Woods's true testimony!)
(This power of Athena's is incredible...)
What?! Already?!
Well, look at that. That IS odd!
(Widget is registering joy when Ms. Woods recalls the rubble falling on her. There must be a reason for this unexpected emotion!) Ms. Woods! As the rubble was falling, was there also something that made you feel happy?
(Great! Let's hear what she has to say!)
(So that's when he sustained those injuries...)
Looks like we were able to draw out some new testimony.
Hmm... I guess we'll have to keep going, then.
When I find an unexpected emotion, I should touch "Pinpoint" (L)...?
You were happy when Mr. Justice rescued you, weren't you?
But was there also something you felt sad about at the same time?
The reason I ask is... ...when you were describing how you were rescued, we sensed a little sadness, too.
Bum Rap Rhiny? (Well, what do you know? Something new!)
(Who knew that the legal world could inspire a whole line of merchandise...?)
(Phony Phanty and Bum Rap Rhiny, huh... Nothing against the campaign, but why an elephant and a rhinoceros...?)
So I guess that means we managed to draw out all of her testimony.
Absolutely. I don't know what I would've done without you, Athena! (So Bum Rap Rhiny was in that courtroom when the bomb went off. Now that we know that, it changes the meaning of that other piece of evidence! All I have to do is "Present" it... at the right statement!)
(I should focus on the new statements Ms. Woods made... The existence of Bum Rap Rhiny should turn things around in our favor! It changes the meaning of a certain piece of evidence we already have. All I have to do is present it... at the right statement!)
Ms. Woods, I know this trial has been very hard for you. But you can relax now. You are, without a doubt, innocent.
My "wild assertion" is simply this: the two stuffed animals were mixed up. The tail the defendant's fingerprints were found on wasn't that of Phony Phanty. It was the tail of her gallery companion, Bum Rap Rhiny!
But are they really so different? Both defense lawyers and prosecutors strive to protect the peace through law.
Anyway, this poster is all I need to prove my assertion to be true. If I may direct the court's attention here, you'll clearly see how the two got mixed up!

I-It's this area, Your Honor! Right here! If you look closely, you should see how the two animals got confused with one another...
Urngh! (Think, Phoenix! Which part of the stuffed animal was found at the scene? Once I know that, it should be easy to show how the two stuffed animals got mixed up.)
Yes, exactly. The two stuffed animals are based on entirely different animals... ...but the design of their tails is exactly the same!
Yeah. It's not over yet, but at least we managed to hold out this long.
("True to form"? Gee, I never knew you had such a glowing opinion of me...)
You did great, Ms. Woods. You really stuck it out.
Of course! Without you, we would've never gotten out of that tight spot.
That's what I like to hear! (Analytical psychology... The ability to solve the riddles of a person's heart. Athena's true potential is beginning to really shine through now.)
Hmm... Good question... (I almost forgot about him.) I assumed he'd still be here in the lobby.
(Courtroom No. 4? What would he be doing at the scene of the explosion?)
So you went looking for Rhiny together before you were called back into Courtroom No. 5?
(Hmm... Wonder what it was...)
(Just maybe, he found some new piece of evidence...?)
Good idea.
............ (This isn't exactly how I envisioned the second day of this trial to start... ...but given how things ended yesterday...) ............ Good morning...
(The mood sure is tense... Not that that's any surprise.)
Huh? The paper? That came out of left field.
(Tell me you know the difference between a paper and a tabloid, Athena!)
What we found yesterday... ...was not Apollo's dead body... thank goodness. He'd been assaulted by someone with a blow to his head, and was lying unconscious. We rushed him to the hospital right away, and it looks like he's going to pull through. (But it was still quite a shock to stumble onto a scene like that...)
Is Ms. Woods all right, Athena?
I guess she really feels responsible for what happened to Apollo.
Oh? (Guess I can see why she'd think that...) By the way, how are you doing?
Yeah, you. I know you're concerned about Ms. Woods, but are YOU all right?
(Somehow, I don't think it's as easy as she makes it sound. But there's no denying she's a real trooper.) Apollo doesn't remember a thing, does he?
(Assaulted in a court of law and losing your memory at that... I know how that feels...)
Now, now, Athena... I thought you said you were in control of your emotions. Let's just focus on helping Ms. Woods, okay? (But I admit I'm just as upset as you.)
That's the spirit! (Now, let's see... I'd better check the Court Record one more time before the trial starts. If memory serves, when I have more than six pieces of evidence... I should be able to switch pages with [D-Pad] or [Control Stick].)
All right. Let's get ready to rumble!
(With everything that happened with Apollo, I didn't have time for a proper investigation. I can't let that stop me, though. I have to get this right, for Ms. Woods's sake, and Apollo's, too!)
The defense is also ready, Your Honor.
(Aha! Looks like the prosecution is just as unprepared as I am!)
(Uh-oh. Why is he bringing THAT up?)
(He isn't going where I think he's going with this... is he?!)
(What?! Why are you listening to Mr. Toupee over there?! Although... considering our conversation yesterday...)
(Hmm... Wonder what it was...)
(Maybe the two incidents really are related after all...)
(Ms. Woods... Guess she's still really upset about Apollo...)
(I hope she didn't hurt her wrist backhanding that one out...)
(Wh-What on Earth...?!)
H-Hey, don't take it out on me! I don't understand it any more than you do. (When we discovered Apollo yesterday...)
(A-Apollo!)
(We didn't even have a chance to rush over to him. As soon as security heard Athena's scream, they ran in and cordoned off the area. After that, they were in Courtroom No. 4 with Apollo the whole time. We couldn't investigate anything ourselves, and had to leave everything to the police. Still, I never thought they would find some bloody writing there...)
Do you always cough when you get nervous, Ms. Woods?
(But that barely even qualified as a quasi-question...)
(Her crushes?! Really?! I don't know about this...)
Why exactly did you go to the courtroom ruins?
Your medicine? Why would your medicine be in Courtroom No. 4?
(And Phony Phanty has the same type of pocket. That's where the bomb was inserted.)
(The way she makes him sound, you'd think Apollo was some kind of ancient god... Oh, wait...)
The area around the witness stand? Are you sure about that?!
No, no. Of course not. I was just... testing my hearing...! (Must not upset her... Must not upset her...)

That was when you were called to the stand after Mr. Tonate's testimony, right?
And what about Mr. Justice? Did he come with you, or did he stay behind?
(I'd better not ask her about Apollo. I know! I'll use some small talk here to get her to relax a bit.) Do you have any hobbies, Ms. Woods?
*ahem* So, um... is there anyone in particular you like right now?
To this case...? Uh... not really...?
S-Sorry, Your Honor... (Minus 1 to Brownie Points...)
So you think Mr. Justice is kind?
(The only adjectives I associate with the sun are "sweltering" and "oppressive.")
Right. I agree. (They must've gone to look for Bum Rap Rhiny together. But why did they need to find it so badly that they'd go to all that trouble? I'd better try to find out more.)
It must've been pretty hard on him, too, with all that rubble everywhere.
You know, considering what Ms. Woods said just now, I think you're right. That courtroom was in a very unusual state, after all. (Which leaves the million-dollar question: what would explain this contradiction? Anyway, let's see what happens when I present what I suspect is our answer...)
So he started his search with the witness stand, you say?
But that's odd... Under the circumstances, he shouldn't have been capable of that...
No, that's not the part I was finding fault with. (SOMEONE has a crush on Apollo...) What you are claiming is something that no one should have been able to do.
True, anyone can be brave and kind, but if you would please take a look at this diagram. With the courtroom in this state, how was it possible to walk up to the witness stand?
Urk. (Great, now I'M not so sure it matters...)
(I call slander, Your Honor!)
(Huh? What's that hunk of metal on wheels?) Mr. Payne, is the metallic object in that photo Mr. Tonate's bomb transport case?
Ms. Woods? Have you remembered something?
Its position? The position of what?
The bomb transport case?
I see. So where was the transport case when you and Mr. Justice saw it?
To the right...? (Then that means...! In that case, the case was over there at the time of Apollo's attack...? Hmm...)
Where the transport case was has EVERYTHING to do with this discussion! In fact, it's so important that it's enough to turn the prosecution's argument on its ear!
Yes, Your Honor. This diagram represents the crime scene as shown in the photo. And this is where the transport case was at the time of the assault on Mr. Justice. (All right, I have this! The bomb transport case was here at the time of Apollo's attack!)

Your Honor, I assert that this is where the transport case was at the time of the assault!
Yeah... I'm pretty sure my logic just made a clean getaway, even from me...
...Ow. (I'd better take another good look at the evidence... I think there was a clue in there about where the transport case was...)
Your Honor, I assert that this is where the transport case was at the time of the assault!
Ms. Woods, was this where the transport case was when you saw it?
Thank you, Ms. Woods. I'm sure the court has noted an interesting fact about this position.
Exactly! If the transport case was in that position at the time of the assault... ...then no message could have been written there, because the case was in the way! Which leads us to conclude that Mr. Justice couldn't have left that bloody writing!
The fact that the case was moved after the assault on Mr. Justice... ...is proved by more than Ms. Woods's testimony alone!
It's right here in the crime photo.

All the proof you'll need, Your Honor, is right... here?
Ouch. You're good. I bet you can also tell how I'm about to feel in a few seconds, too.
(If the transport case was moved after the assault, there should be some evidence of it. I'd better take another good look at the photo.)
Please take a look at the mark that runs over Mr. Justice's bandages here!
This mark was made by one of the casters from the transport case carrying the bomb. As the case was moved, it ran over his bandages! In other words, the transport case was originally to the right of Mr. Justice! Then, after Mr. Justice was assaulted... ...the transport case was moved!
Just as Ms. Woods said, the case was covering the writing at the time of the assault! Therefore, it was impossible for Mr. Justice to have left that message in blood!
Yup. That should bring down the prosecution's claim like a house of cards.
Aww, it was nothing, Your Honor. (Nothing but pure genius! Take THAT!)
Yes, Your Honor?
Huh?
W-Well... ............ (Looks like I should've taken that train of thought through to the last station...)
(Hey, until the judge asked the question, you didn't catch on, either, buster!)
(Think, Phoenix, think! There must be a way through this! I have to dig my way to the truth somehow! Who could have written that message in blood?)
(If Apollo didn't leave that bloody writing...)
(That seems like the most reasonable explanation...)
What is it?
Hey, you're right! Good thing Apollo didn't lose that much blood. That might be a factor in why he survived the assault.
I guess so. But if it wasn't his attacker, then who else could it have been?
The person who wrote the bloody message... was none other than Mr. Justice!
...Huh?
Oh, yeah... (I did just say that, didn't I?)
Ugh... (I'd better give that another try.)
(If it wasn't Apollo, who could have left the bloody message?)

Uh, do I reeeally need to base my claim on something?
Uh... Nothing in particular, really...
Urk!
Oh yeah! Wasn't there another person who shed blood at the crime scene?
(To be honest, I don't have any real proof of this... But I've come this far. There's no turning back now!) Besides Apollo, there was one more person who shed blood at this crime scene.
Oh, but I do. I believe it was Candice Arme who left behind this message in blood.
Um, not really?
At first glance, that would seem to be the most reasonable explanation. However... ...Apollo didn't shed enough blood to write such an extensive message.
(That's... very true...) Well, then, let's see... Then maybe the intended meaning of the message is not what it appears to be.
Maybe the message was not intended to be "WOODS."
Y-Yes, Your Honor! (Hmm... For something I pulled out of a wormhole, it could turn out to be true, right?)
But Candice Arme was a detective! Maybe "WOODS" only means something to the police. Like a police scanner code, for example.
I-Is that a fact, heh heh...
No! Please wait, Your Honor!
Well... I believe it's...
(I'm in trouble now... What other meaning could it have, besides the obvious one...? Maybe it means something in another language? Or maybe it's a code? Think, Phoenix! You can do this!)

...But doesn't it, Your Honor?
I guess I'll let you be the judge of that.
(Ugh. That didn't go over well. But I just KNOW there's something here that looks like the word "WOODS"...)
Take a look at the numbers on this case, Your Honor. "L10015R". Doesn't this string look vaguely familiar?
Now please take a look at the bloody writing shown in the crime photo.
(Thatta girl! That one's on my side.)
Or, you could say it's a horse of a different color, Your Honor. The first character isn't a "W". It's actually an "L" and a "1". The next two are zeros.
The true meaning behind the bloody writing isn't Ms. Woods's name. It's the number engraved on this bomb transport case!
But the number on the case and the bloody writing can be made to match up quite easily. This is how the number on the transport case can be made to match the bloody writing!
All you have to do is erase one line from the writing!
Anywhere you like.
Your state of mind. I believe it stands for "wise, optimistic, dauntless, and serene."
Urngh. (I guess erasing just one line won't do the trick.)
I propose we read it backwards. Let's see... Reading it from the back end, we get... "SDOOW".
I believe there was someone connected to this case by the name of "S. Doow"... ...wasn't there, Your Honor?
Yes, well, I guess I expected as much.
(I guess reading it backwards was a big bust.)
Please erase the third, downward stroke of the "W", and the curved part of the "D."
No, no, Your Honor! It isn't meant to be read as a word! It's the number "L-1-0-0-1-5"... ...which, if you take away the final "R"... ...is the exact same number that's one the bomb transport case!
The only RIGHT spelling is "Wright!" (Okay, I'm doing pretty well here, and I think I've drawn the right conclusion. Detective Arme's real message to us is the bomb transport case number.) Your Honor, the two lines were added by the real culprit to intentionally mislead people!
The original message Detective Arme left behind was the transport case number! But whoever assaulted Apollo changed the message!
(Good question... What DOES this number represent...?)
Candice Arme lost her life in the courtroom bombing. Her dying message could only have had one purpose!
To tell us the name of the one responsible for the bombing!
The culprit that the victim was trying to identify is none other than...

...This person...?
Do I really need to explain? I think the answer should be obvious...
...Drat! (Looks like I guessed wrong...)
(Well, that's not very nice.) L-Let me try again, please, Your Honor!
The defense wishes to indict Mr. Ted Tonate on the charge of the courtroom bombing!
Apparently, disabling bombs isn't Mr. Tonate's only specialty. Somehow, the victim must have realized that he was the bomber. So when she was caught in the blast... ...she left his bomb transport case number as her dying message. She used Mr. Tonate's own ID number to finger him for the crime!
(He's got a good point there.)
That only Detective Arme would know the answer to that, but allow me to offer a theory. Perhaps Detective Arme couldn't recall Mr. Tonate's name in the heat of the moment. As I recall, this was the first meeting between the two. It's entirely possible they wouldn't have been familiar with each other.
But no matter what the reason, the important thing is the meaning behind her message. The fact remains, she wrote Mr. Tonate's ID number!
Naturally Mr. Tonate hid it before anyone could discover it. And there's a simple explanation for how he was able to do so.
Mr. Tonate was able to cover the message up because he's...
Mr. Tonate is quite a nervous person, a stickler for details. That's why the bloody writing bothered him.
Oh, I don't know about that, Your Honor. For example, I doubt it would bother Athena here. (She doesn't seem like one for details... I don't think...)
Ouch. (I object to this pain...)
Because Mr. Tonate was able to do something to hide it. And that was because...
Your Honor! I know how Mr. Tonate was able to cover the bloody writing up! Please let me try to explain one more time!
Mr. Tonate was wearing those weird goggles of his! Thanks to them, he was able to notice the bloody writing before anyone else could. That super-extendo binocular vision of his... I mean, how weird is that, right?!
(I still think those goggles are pretty weird. I mean, c'mon. Right?) I know how Mr. Tonate was able to cover up the bloody writing, I swear! Your Honor, please let me try to explain one more time!
The first person to discover the bloody writing was Mr. Tonate himself.
When Mr. Tonate saw that the victim had written his ID number... ...he used his bomb transport case to cover up the bloody writing as a stopgap measure.
He didn't have enough time to try and scrub away the writing. If he didn't report the body right away, he would look suspicious. So those letters lived on to serve another function... ...when Mr. Tonate used them in another incident!
Exactly. Mr. Tonate hit upon a plan to use the bloody writing for his own purposes. So he didn't clean it away. Instead, he made it look like Mr. Justice wrote it. By adding two lines to the writing that Detective Arme left behind... ...he changed the meaning of the message! He made it look like Mr. Justice was accusing Ms. Woods of the attack!
The only person who could have altered the bloody writing was the courtroom bomber... ...who was the same person that assaulted Mr. Justice. And that person is Ted Tonate!
Just doing what I do best! (Which is flying by the seat of my pants...)
(I've finally drawn Mr. Tonate back onto the witness stand. Looks like you'll get your wish, goggle-man. Now watch me take your lies apart!)
I wouldn't be laughing if I were you, Mr. Tonate. The message in blood matches your ID number! The same ID number that is there on that bomb transport case!
You were the first person on the scene after Detective Arme left her message in blood. You were the only one who could've hidden the writing, and then used it again later!
(The best way to prove that Detective Arme wrote that message is to...)
Your Honor, I request a handwriting analysis be performed on the bloody writing.
Huh?
Argh... (There's gotta be another way.)
Your Honor, I request that a DNA test be performed on the blood itself. Once we know whose it is, it will be obvious as to who wrote the message!
So you're saying that the victim's body was nowhere near where the writing was?
Why were you the first person on the scene?
In other words, you had the opportunity to alter the bloody writing then, didn't you?
(Darn. I think he was about to say something interesting, too.)
You were able to tell this even with those goggles on?
What?!
(Wait a minute! I don't have any gray hairs!)
I-I object to the witness's attempt to prematurely give me gray hair!
If she didn't write it, then who do you propose did?!
(Uh, Apollo is not dead, folks.)
Do you imagine she was thrown back by the force of the blast?
(Ah, the autopsy report. I'd better take another look at that.)

Isn't it possible she could have crawled to the area of the bloody message?
Maybe she crawled back after writing it...?
(Hey, did this guy just "Hmph" me?!)
Huh? N-No, thank you...!
So that means something is off somewhere. There must be a contradiction.
(What if that was done by the real culprit after the fact? If that's the case, then something about that should contradict the evidence we have.)
You are a terrible liar, Mr. Tonate.
Take a look at this autopsy -- specifically, the part about Detective Arme's head injury. "Cause of death: Trauma to back of head caused by impact with a flat object."
Now take a good look at the bloody piece of rubble. It's sharp and pointed!
I believe it means the victim did not hit her head on this piece of rubble. The bloodstain you see is just another fabrication. Its purpose is to mislead us into thinking the victim died near the courtroom entrance!
That's exactly what I'm claiming. The victim hit her head at some location. Most likely on the floor, or some other flat surface. And this location was somewhere near where the bloody writing was found.
Now I have to drive it home. (I'll have to take a good look at the bloody writing analysis later.)
(You will? ... But then, why are you so calm?)
(Glad to see you finally cross that finish line, Your Honor!)
So you admit that you actually DID see the bloody writing that Detective Arme left?
And you are sure it was your ID number?
(So those funky things were assigned by the police department...?)
(Wish I had something to brag about...) B-Be all of that as it may, I just want to reconfirm you saw the bloody writing clearly? And that it was your ID number?
"L10015R"?
And it was written after the bomb went off in the courtroom?

Didn't you? The victim may have had special knowledge of who the bomber was.
Cut me some slack, will you...?
(.........I suppose I should be thankful you're not a licensed psychologist.)
By "mistaken," do you mean you had nothing to do with the explosion?
(But I've never even TRIED to harm a hair on-- er, a strand of your beard, Your Honor!)
You didn't think to clean away the bloody writing?
Didn't you think the police would find it during their investigation?
This guy is something else. And I don't believe Detective Arme's dying message was just some mistake. He won't wriggle out of this that easily! (What did Mr. Tonate see when he first discovered the bloody writing...? There has to be a contradiction hidden in his testimony somewhere!)
I just want to make doubly sure that "L10015R" is really what you saw written in blood.
But that's odd. Because that's not what I see.
Take a good look at the photo in the bloody writing analysis. Now tell me, does it really say "L10015R"?
Something is missing, isn't it? And that "something" is the final "R."
(C-Come back, my beautiful contradiction...)
You have something for me, Athena?
(Hmm... He does look pretty flustered...)
(I don't know... Did he really just make a typo? What about that "R"? Did Mr. Tonate actually see it?)
Well, I guess everybody makes mistakes. Even I get Mr. Justice and Ms. Cykes mixed up sometimes...
What, that I get you two confused?
(Guess I'd better think about this a little more...)
Of course, Your Honor!
(Maybe Mr. Tonate really did see the "R"... But there's no "R" anywhere in the bloody writing. What's going on here? Huh? Now that I take another good look at the photo, I think maybe...) THAT'S IT!!!
(I've got it! So that's what happened!) "A slip of the finger." Is that really all it was? Because I don't think so. I propose that Mr. Tonate really DID see the letter "R."
No, Your Honor. Actually, just the opposite is true. The photo shows that Mr. Tonate actually could have seen the "R."

This spot right here!
Right, um, here, Your Honor... Or maybe it's this spot over here...?
My apologies. I'll try to be more resolute next time.
Please look here, to the right of the "5." Do you see a little bit of red?
That's the "R" that Mr. Tonate saw.
But what Mr. Tonate saw wasn't that little smudge. There was a whole and complete "R" written there... ...before the floor was damaged by the explosion!
Yup, because that's the way it really went down. (The timing of when the "R" was written turns everything about this case around!) Now then, if the floor was damaged by the explosion, when was the message written?
I propose that the bloody message was written after the explosion.
............ (I guess that really wouldn't change anything.)
I-I guess you're right. Let me try that one more time, Your Honor.
With the bloody message running off the edge of the damaged floor like that... ...we can only conclude that it was written BEFORE the explosion!
That's right. It does. In fact, it turns everything upside-down! The victim was not killed by the explosion in the courtroom! She was killed before the explosion ever occurred!
True, but consider this scenario. She was hit on the head and killed before the explosion -- or even before the trial began. Her body was subsequently placed in the courtroom ruins after the bombing occurred. That way, it could be made to look like she was a victim of the blast!
I would now ask the court to recall something... Specifically, Mr. Tonate's words from yesterday!
Mr. Tonate! Just before the trial, you were with the victim! The two of you were together at the scene of the crime, Courtroom No. 4!
Your Honor! The defense requests new testimony from Mr. Tonate! We wish to hear what he has to say about his whereabouts just before the trial!
You and the victim were alone together at the scene of the crime. In other words, you certainly had the opportunity to commit murder, did you not?!
What now, Mr. Payne?
(What important piece?)
(Did he really have nothing he could use as a murder weapon?)
What is it, Athena?
Well, it does say that she died from trauma to the back of the head with a flat object.
(A heavy, blunt object with a flat surface could definitely be our murder weapon.)
...I believe I can. ("Believe" being the key word here...)

This must've been the murder weapon!
Aha! You fell right into my trap!
So you confirm that this piece of evidence was NOT the murder weapon. That narrows my candidates down by one!
Gaaagh! (The victim was killed with a blow to the head, so the question is... ...which evidence is connected to Mr. Tonate and could serve as a blunt instrument?)
Mr. Tonate, you say you didn't have anything that could be used as a weapon. But in fact, you had the perfect thing.
You had this.
The bomb blast, no. But I believe Candice Arme WAS killed with this bomb. Because this is the blunt object that delivered the fatal blow to her head!
Please recall the description of Detective Arme's head wound. "Trauma to back of head caused by impact with a flat object." We assumed this injury was sustained when her head hit the floor... ...but a blow from any flat side of this bomb would produce the exact same wound pattern!
(Wh-What's with him...?)
(Ack! He's right. I don't have anything decisive...)
(Ugh...)
Argh! I don't see any blood or anything...
That's definitely a distinct possibility. But unless we find a fragment with the victim's blood on it, it's not going to count.
(By setting off the bomb, Tonate managed to obliterate all traces of the murder weapon. What in the world do I do now? At times like this, I've got to change gears and look at things in a different way! Instead of looking for the things he wasn't able to hide... ...I should be looking for a way to expose the things he DID hide. Ted Tonate murdered Detective Arme before the trial started... Then he placed her body in the courtroom after the bomb went off. Which means there was something he

Your Honor, please take a look at this! The fact that Mr. Tonate hid this makes it decisive evidence for my case!
(Well, that was a spectactular belly flop. But I can't back down now. I'd better reconsider what Mr. Tonate could have hidden.)
Your Honor! There's something we've all been overlooking! If the murder took place before the trial... ...then Mr. Tonate would've had to hide the body somewhere during the trial!
Exactly. We might be able to find some evidence we can pin him down with! So where could Mr. Tonate have hidden the body during the trial?

This is the crucial piece of the puzzle that will prove my case!
Take a good look at this, Mr. Tonate!
(Oops... Did I do it again?)
(Ugh... I DID do it again... I'd better try again. If the murder took place before the trial... ...then he would've had to hide the body somewhere during the trial!)
(Wait... A box big enough for a body, a box that was in the courtroom the whole time... A box nobody would touch if they thought there was a bomb in it!) Mr. Tonate!
No, you're the one who's going to show it to me.
You heard me. Now, show me what's inside that bomb transport case!
(I've got him now!) Just before the trial, you killed the victim with a blunt object. And then, you placed her body in the ruins of the courtroom after the bomb went off. Clearly, you were trying to make it look like she died in the explosion. But where was the body hidden during the trial?
The answer is right here! Inside a box made of thick alloy plating that can withstand any impact!
If it's false, you should have no objections to showing us your transport case. So! Let's open it up and take a look inside, shall we?!
(Wh-What's he up to now?)
Huh?
(What's going on?)
But the HH-3000 was used to blow up Courtroom No. 4... wasn't it?
Huh?
(So he's had a real bomb with him this whole time?)
(The judge looks like he's about to book it for the nearest exit any second... And Mr. Payne...)
(And he's off...)
Ugh... It'd be pretty pathetic to run now, wouldn't it.
(Is that bomb really the HH-3000? What should I do?)
(No! I can't do that! I can't run, not now!)
I only thought about it for a second!
(...I wish you would, Your Honor. I'd better reconsider my next course of action...)
(I can't run now!)
You're not going anywhere, Ted Tonate!
Your Honor, there's no reason to be afraid! That bomb is a fake.
I'm not bluffing. And I have proof!
Yes, of course, Your Honor. It's right here in the photo of the bomb, clear as day. Proof that Mr. Tonate's bomb is not the real HH-3000!

The proof... is here?
I-I'm sorry, Your Honor! Let me try again! (That bomb is missing something is should have if it were the real thing! That's the proof I need!)
The display for the timer on the bomb in the photo is broken. Most likely, it broke when Mr. Tonate used the bomb to attack Detective Arme. But the display on the bomb in front of us is not broken.
Therefore, this is not the real HH-3000. Mr. Tonate was clearly lying when he said he switched out the bomb in the stuffed animal! The real HH-3000 blew up in Courtroom No. 4! This bomb is nothing more than a fake, a model used for training purposes!
Fear not, Your Honor! I will examine the inside of the bomb transport case myself!
Just as I expected. Your lies have all been blown to bits, Mr. Tonate! I'm confident DNA analysis on this bloodstain will confirm that it's Detective Arme's blood. And that those results will conclusively prove that you murdered Detective Arme!
How about it, Mr. Tonate? Think you can dismantle this conclusive evidence?!
Don't try to threaten us, Mr. Tonate. I've already proved that your "bomb" is a fake.
(Mad Bomber, party of one.)
Yeah, I guess we managed to pull it off somehow.
It just sort of worked out that way, didn't it.
That would be nice. Thank you for the invitation.
What?! (That's no forest -- that's a mountain!)
Oh, that? Yeah, I was wondering about that, too... Is this the unsolved mystery you're thinking of?
The remote switch, right?
(Glad mind reading isn't my day job.)
............! (O-Oh, right! That unsolved mystery!) Ha ha ha. I was just testing you.
Now, now. Always remember: The trial isn't really over until you get back to the office. Even if you get a "not guilty", you still have to remember to stay sharp.
(Yeah... It is a pretty big thing to leave unsolved, though...) Well, let's leave it up to the police to find. For now, we should be celebrating our not guilty verdict.
Huh? Her grandmother?
Oh, right. Well, why don't we all go to the hospital together to see him!
And so, the courtroom bombing case came to a close. But the next trial was just over the horizon. There's never a dull moment with so many lawyers in the office. That's for sure. Apollo Justice, Athena Cykes, and me, Phoenix Wright. Between the three of us, there's no case we can't solve! When our powers combine, we're an unstoppable team. ...At least, that's what I believed. But all of that changed with what Apollo said to us that day. It was something that would put my faith in us to the
Can you at least give me a reason why?
Well, it clearly contradicts the statement... er, doesn't it...?
(Whoops! Well, it can't hurt to try, right?)
(Ouchies... I guess it can...)
Maybe you're right. I've got that nagging feeling about Mr. Tonate's last statement.
(Okay. The last statement and the stuffed animal bomb, huh?)
There's something odd about the witness's statement! And this is the evidence that will prove it!
(That didn't go so well...)
Hmm... Then I guess we presented it at the wrong statement.
The witness's statement clearly contradicts this piece of evidence, Your Honor!
............ Must we be so cut and dry, Your Honor? They say it pays to keep an open mind about things.
You honor me with your open-mindedness... (Guess I should've seen that one coming.)
Hmm... Wonder if I presented the wrong piece of evidence?
You sensed something wrong with the testimony?
Thanks. That would be a big help! (Now I just have to compare the evidence with the statement she points out!)
Press for more information? I think you're right.
(I'll put my faith in Athena and press them for all their worth, then!)
When we view your emotions alongside your testimony, we find the unexpected emotion-- (Wait a minute... There really isn't anything strange here.)
......I think maybe you're right.
Ms. Woods, your statement contradicts this piece of evidence.
H-Huh? (But I was trying so hard not to...)
Urk!
(Hmm... I guess I'd better take another look at the evidence.)
(Whoops! I got it wrong.)
...Urk!
There's something odd about the witness's statement! And this is the evidence that will prove it!
(That didn't go so well...)
The witness's statement clearly contradicts this piece of evidence, Your Honor!
............ I apologize, Your Honor. I seem to have made a slight miscalculation.
Ouch. (Guess I should've seen that one coming.)
