Apollo, is that you?
Trucy told me you've taken on a new case.
That's fine, but I have a favor to ask.
I'm at the airport right now. There was someone I had to meet. A new addition to the agency, actually. Her name's Athena Cykes, and she just passed the bar.
She took off as soon as I told her you needed help with a case. It was like there was no stopping her.
Probably somewhere in Nine-Tails Vale by now. That's where that favor I mentioned comes in. I need you to go find her.
She'll be the girl in the yellow suit sporting an attorney's badge.
What's with all the racket, you two?
Oh, this? I was thinking about getting my attorney's badge back, that's all.
I have a feeling I'll be needed in the courtroom again sometime soon. But we can talk about that another time.
By the way, have you heard about the prosecutor assigned to this case?
That's right. I've heard the rumors about how he was back before his conviction. Using the power of suggestion, he could make even the most stalwart defendants confess.
So they say. They also say he'll cut you down if you talk too much.
Ha ha ha, it's probably just hyperbole, at least I hope for your sake.
Let's just say you should be concise and choose your words carefully. ...if you'd like to keep that head of yours attached to the rest of your body, that is.
So, are you all ready? It might be a good idea to check the Court Record again before stepping into the ring.
I'll be watching from the gallery. Good luck!
How goes the investigation, Apollo, Athena?
Really? What happened?
I was watching the two of you this morning from the gallery. That was one tough day in court, to say the least.
That business about the locked room was another major hurdle.
But at least you figured out how someone could have escaped the Forbidden Chamber.
Oh, really? Well, that's... bad news.
The worst of times are when lawyers have to force their biggest smiles.
Yeah. My mentor taught me that back when I was still learning the trade. She... also taught me to return to the basics whenever I got stuck.
That's right. Always believe in your client, no matter what happens. That is a lawyer's greatest and most trusted weapon.
I met her during a trip to Europe.
Yeah, I went there a few times to study the various legal systems over there.
I did, but an old friend of mine needed help with some legal work from time to time, so...
Ha ha ha. I knew she was lawyer material from the moment I met her. And I have high hopes for her ability to analyze people's emotions.
I'm still amazed she actually became a lawyer. And at the tender age of 18, no less.
Your attorney's badge, huh... I used to show mine to everyone, too.
You know, I never really thought about it. But I could ask you the same question.
Ah ha ha. When you say it like that, it sounds kind of... I don't know... philosophical?
Aww, how sweet! I know. I'll hang it in my office once the case is closed.
Hmm... You have a point there. Maybe you should hang it in your room, Apollo.
I don't want it, either. It has instant nightmare fuel written all over it.
You know... The more I look at it, the more I wonder if these are your distant relatives.
So the room was locked tight and the only people in there were the suspect and victim? I headed up a similar case a long time ago.
Not only that, the defendant was my assistant.
And not only that, the prosecutor for that trial loved to swing her whip around in court.
When I saw that whip... man, I thought it was all over.
Ah ha ha. You're getting good at this, Apollo. Remember, the way you present evidence in court can really have an impact on the trial. Hmm... But your elbow angle's a little off. It should really be more like this.
And don't forget to return to the basics whenever you get stuck.
Yes?
I think that's a good idea.
That's right. Always believe in your client, no matter what happens. That is a lawyer's greatest and most trusted weapon.
That was some seriously good lawyering, Apollo. Even I didn't see that coming.
You banished Tenma Taro from Nine-Tails Vale like you were some kind of exorcist.
I was wondering about that, too. But I have a hunch L'Belle was biding his time. He was planning on exposing The Amazing Nine-Tails's true identity himself.
Because the mayor was The Amazing Nine-Tails. Had L'Belle succeeded in framing Mayor Tenma for the alderman's murder... ...the wrestler's popularity would've plummeted once his identity was revealed.
Right. Then when the merger was complete and everything cooled down... He'd be able to search the Forbidden Chamber at his leisure.
I'm sure they'll be fine. After all... ...the blackmailer-slash-killer is behind bars and the merger's no longer an issue. Plus, The Amazing Nine-Tails is obviously still a hit, and I suspect Nine-Tails Vale will be too.
All right, already, you two. Let's get going before the old man closes shop. Eldoon's Noodles isn't an all-night stand, you know.
The noodles are on me today, so I expect some serious eating from you two.
