It's okay. Sorry we couldn't wait for you. But we didn't want to be late for our meeting.
Oh, right. You haven't been introduced yet.
Right, the pamphlet... Whatever happened to that?
Thank you, Professor.
Ah ha ha. Yeah, well I'm just giving them what they want.
Yeah, sort of. But I came early because I was supposed to have a meeting... ...with the head of the judge course, Constance Courte.
Huh? Um, who exactly do you want me to teach stuff like that to again?
So, if the student studying to be a lawyer wins, they get to take my training seminar? But what if the other student wins? I'm not a prosecutor, so...
Well... to some degree, I guess, ah ha ha.
Wait, you two know each other? Now that's a coincidence.
...I'll tell you what, Apollo. Why don't you take my place?
Sure. Besides, I'd like to meet with Prof. Courte as soon as she gets here.
Sorry, I'm going to let Apollo pull what little rank he has. ....If it's okay with Prof. Means.
It's settled, then. We'll expect a full and detailed report, Apollo, so pay attention!
*yawn* ...Athena. I could've sworn I just heard something fall down and break. If you go running now, they'll think it was you.
Oh. Well, we better go have a look, seeing as everyone else is in the Lecture Hall.
Wait, Athena. Behind the witness stand!
Prof. Courte! Can you hear me?! Professor!
......... It looks like our meeting's been canceled for us.
No, wait. They'll find out soon enough once the police get here. Let's do our own crime scene investigation before it gets too crowded around here.
It's no big deal, as long as we leave it exactly like we found it. Plus... No, never mind. Anyway, we should look around while the scene's still fresh.
In addition to checking the body, we should also check the area around it. But we don't have much time, check only what you can. ...Nervous, Athena?
Yep, the professor I was here to meet with. Turns out, she wasn't running late after all.
Hm? Oh, that. Don't worry, I'll fill you in... later. But right now, let's focus on the investigation, okay?
Oh, a shiny new attorney's badge. Brings back memories...
Ah ha ha. Strike one. I've always been just as you see me here.
Strike two.
Strike three, you're out.
Listen, Athena. There's a certain amount of etiquette involved in presenting evidence. You're free to shove this or that into my face, but... ...at least get my attention first or give me some sort of a warning.
This is a homicide any way you slice it. In other words, we have a murder on our hands.
Right, but where could the killer have shot her from? The stage is a sea of obstructions? I'm no expert on archery, but it can't be easy to hit a target with this much stuff around.
I'm not sure. Guess we better do some more investigating before jumping to conclusions.
What do we have here...? A book? I'm guessing it fell out of her chest pocket.
True, but considering the situation at hand, my apologies to the late Prof. Courte.
Hmm, looks more like a planner than a diary. Every page seems to have the same sword mark printed on it at that.
Notice anything strange about the body? Take a deep breath, and then take a good look.
Yet the victim's body is cold and rigor mortis has already started to dissipate. It would appear that quite some time has passed since Prof. Courte was murdered. Thing is, the quad was packed with students up until the start of the mock trial.
That's a definite possibility. Notice anything else?
Yeah. The professor was probably tied up with something.
Um... Well, there's not exactly a lot to go on...
Nice work, Athena. Your face only turned five shades of pale. I was expecting fifty. We should probably take a picture of the crime scene, just in case.
Cheese? And I thought I was the one with the twisted sense of humor.
All right, let's take a better look around the area while we wait for the police to arrive.
Hmm, there were supposedly two statues on this stage. I seem to recall hearing that a coed from the Fine Art Club had made them.
This could be related to the case. Let's take a closer look.
When Apollo and I first got here, both statues were already here, but they were covered up. I bet they were waiting to unveil them when the school festival moved here to this stage.
Wait, we shouldn't disturb it. Let's just read what we can.
You find that more shocking than discovering a murder victim's body?
Athena, you don't believe everything you read, do you? This article is clearly written with malicious intent. I'm not buying a word of it.
That's right. And we're the ones who phoned it in. We found Prof. Courte dead behind the witness stand over there.
Whoa there, Apollo. Take a deep breath and explain what you mean.
The whole school's in an uproar. There won't be any more classes today.
I'll go tell Prof. Means what we observed when we discovered the body. You two wait here until you've spoken with the police.
I heard they arrested your friend Juniper.
You're going to take her case, Prof. Means?
And when were you planning on telling me?
Ah ha ha. Relax. Your friend was just hauled away in front of your eyes. Sometimes you just have to make snap decisions. And I think you made the right one.
Well, time's a wasting. You better start investigating and fast. But first, how about I tell you everything I know so far?
Actually, I ran into Prosecutor Gavin, and he told me something interesting. Seems the murder took place in the art room. There's traces of a large pool of blood there. So the police believe the body was moved from there to the stage.
The police are searching the art room, but whether they'll find anything, well...
Let's do our own crime scene investigation before it gets too crowded around here.
It's no big deal, as long as we leave it exactly like we found it. Plus... No, never mind.
But there's really no need to talk about it right here, right now. I want you two to find out for yourselves.
So, were you shocked by your conversation with Prof. Means?
The dark age of the law... I'm sure you've heard those words before.
Training students to produce results... That is the school's policy.
Right. ...As long as those results come by fair and honest means.
To survive the dark age of the law, you must use any means necessary. Fabrication of evidence and false charges are unavoidable in the quest for results. That's what they're preaching here at Themis Legal Academy.
Ah ha ha, relax. It's just a rumor. I'd take it with a grain of salt if I were you.
Things like that sure scream out "school days," don't they?
Nah, that wasn't my thing. I was an art major.
It's kind of complicated. And when I say, kind of, I mean really, really complicated.
I think that about wraps up what I know so far. The fact that this case closely resembles Ms. Woods's script is obviously important. Knowing that, you should probably try and identify what's the same and what's different.
Hmm, there were supposedly two statues on this stage. I seem to recall hearing that a coed from the Fine Art Club had made them.
Relax, everyone's nervous their first time.
...Apollo, I'm counting on you to support Athena this time.
I'm just glad you remembered that. But now how about relaxing a little--
.........
No problem. You two be careful.
Yeah. The professor was probably tied up with something.

Ouch! Ouch!!! What do you think you're doing, Apollo!!!
...We just got a call. In memory of Prof. Constance Courte, who worked so hard to make it happen... ...the festival is being extended one extra day until tomorrow.
Ah ha ha. Just remember, the "Objection!" pose is all about attitude. Oh, and congrats on your mock trial win. Although, Robin had you for a while there.
