My name is Phoenix Wright... ...head of the Wright Anything Agency, and a lawyer. Although, I was doing something else entirely for a while there. As for why I decided to formally get back into lawyering... ...let's just say there's unfinished business to take care of. Anyway, I thought I'd reminisce about my first case back on the job. And what a case it was! It happened only a few months after Athena joined our office...
(Today is my first day back on the job as a lawyer. Putting this attorney's badge on again really makes it hit home. Boy am I pumped! Even Trucy said, "Looking good, Daddy!") So Athena, Apollo, what do you think of the ol' attorney's badge?
Um... Athena?
(Uh, boss here, asking you guys a question...)
Hey, do you two think you could quit goofing off and do some work for a change?
Thanks. Starting today, I'm officially a lawyer again! (Sheesh. Took 'em long enough to notice...)
Ha ha ha. Um, thanks? (It's not like I was some lazy bum, you know!)
Ah, well... I made a promise to a certain someone... An important promise.
Anyway, we have three lawyers now, so we'd better start taking on lots of work!
(Well, we have plenty of enthusiasm. All we need now are some clients... It's been eight years since I last wore this badge. I feel like a rookie all over again.)
(Wh-Who in the world is this?!) Um... are you a client...?
("Minnow"? "Blowfish"? Those puns floundered a bit...)
Well, I'm Phoenix Wright... And this is Apollo Justice and Athena Cykes. They're lawyers, too.
(Guess we'd better start by asking her more about her defense request.)
Ms. Buckler-- Sasha, could you tell us more about why you need our help?
"Captain"? I thought the victim was the owner of the aquarium?
That's a pretty unusual aquarium you've got there.
Wh-What?! (What happened to "due process"!?)
Ouch. I see my reputation doesn't precede me... (But seriously. My name can't be the real reason she's here...)
What's the real reason you picked me, Sasha?
(With nobody on her side, she must feel all alone... But helping people like her is the whole reason I became a lawyer in the first place.)
Hmm, guess my reputation DOES precede me. ...Not sure how well-deserved it is, though.
(Quite a tall order there for a man who just got his badge back... But I don't want to let Sasha down... or her friend!)
That's just what I was thinking. Sasha, we'll accept your case.
That's all right. Don't worry about it. (Gee, I didn't mean to put her in a funk.)
Sorry, but I need you to stay here and keep an eye on the office until Trucy gets back. You never know when a new client might stop by.
Thanks a million, Apollo. Well, ladies, let's move to the aquarium, shall we?
So what do you think about this case, Apollo?
Hey, there's Apollo's favorite word! I think I'll say it a few times, too. I'm fine! I'm fine!
Who, us? Of course not. (Just yanking your chain a little.)
So, any ideas for us?
That's a good idea. I'll take a look when I get a second.
Apollo... Please try to find something better to do...
("Kind of"?) So how do I look with it?
It never really seems like enough to just have it pinned to my lapel, for some reason.
(Uh, you still do that, actually.)
Mmm... I bet it would be delicious grilled.
Well, I didn't get to eat lunch today-- Ooh! And here comes some grilled chicken!
Maybe it was hungry, too... Oh, look. It dropped something.
That penguin had a whole bunch of these stuffed in its backpack.
A carrier penguin that distributes flyers? ...We could use one of those for our office.
Well, can't keep the client waiting! We'd better get going.
Huh? I don't see Sasha...
(Is he talking about me?) I'm the defendant's lawyer, Phoenix Wright.
Lucky... Right... (This guy is even louder than Apollo...) So, where is the suspect being questioned? And where is Ms. Buckler?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!
S-Sasha, what's going on here...?
SHE'S the suspect...?!
...WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!
(That's one VERY BIG OOPSIE!) By the way, what was with that mustache earlier...?
(I don't think I would ever say that.)
I-I see... Well, why don't we start with you telling us a bit more about Orla?
So you're really serious about me defending Orla?
I, ah... might've tried something like that at one point in my career...
I have to warn you, though. I don't know anything about orcas. I mean, they don't... eat people, do they...?
YIKES! (I think I made her mad!)
S-Sorry! (Is anger the only feeling I inspire in women?)
Could you tell us more about his death?
So the owner of the aquarium, Jack Shipley, was discovered murdered...
The orca pool is this tank here?
(Sad goldfish...?)
Can you think of any reason why Orla would come under suspicion?
Hate to break it to you, but the police don't usually base its decisions on "cuteness."
(A photo of the victim, huh?) He's got a wound on his head.
(Hmm... Without any suspects besides Orla, this could be one tough case...)
Why hasn't one been ordered?
(Sasha and Orla are depending on me. I want to do everything I can to help them! But how do I help an orca? Wait... Yes, I can do this!)
...I'll find the real killer!
(I'm not officially Orla's lawyer, huh...? In that case, I know exactly what I have to do!)
...I'll set Orla free.
(I guess until I can actually try to prove Orla's innocence... ...I can't truly set her free... Which means...)
You have regular people participate?
Judging by the colors, I must be the seahorse.
(Her mind is pretty much an open book.)
(I got my badge back now, so I know exactly what I have to do.) ...I'll defend Orla in court.
Even an orca deserves a fair trial. If the one responsible for Orla is dead... then I'll take responsibility for her!
Then let us investigate the crime scene. If we can prove this was a murder, we might be able to take it to trial. And then Orla would certainly need the help of a few good lawyers!
Y-You mean it?!
Thanks. I've got a feeling we'll really need your help with this investigation.
To get this case into court, we'll need a prosecutor to make an indictment... ...so we have to find enough evidence to prove it's a criminal case.
Hmm... Detective Fulbright said there were no weapons in the area, other than her... ...so we'd better look for something to prove him wrong. I'd better make a note of that so I don't forget.
I just like to jot down Notes on the case in the Court Record as I go along. We can use it as a sort of "To Do" list.
(To read the Notes, I just open the Court Record (R). The I can switch between the tabs by touching them, or with R and L.) There! Note jotted. Now let's investigate this crime scene.
That's right. If we change our perspective, we might come across new evidence. To change perspectives, I can touch the arrows on the bottom screen or use [D-Pad].
(Like that outline of the body in the far right there...?)
Exactly. And if we Present items to people, we might learn even more.
Okay, let's run through why Orla is under suspicion one more time, shall we?
(No official autopsy has been ordered but the victim's head injury can be seen in the photo. The victim and Orla were the only ones here, and there was no weapon of any kind.)
We do. We agreed to take on your case, and we'll believe in you to the very end.
(A punk-rock pirate killer whale...? *groan* It's official -- society's on the road to ruin.)
Oh? But I didn't hear anything just now.
(A punk-rock pirate killer whale...? *groan* It's official -- society's on the road to ruin.)
Oh? But I didn't hear anything just now.
(Orla's not going to notice me from here. I'd better move around to the front...)
It doesn't look like the ladder goes all the way down to the bottom of the pool.
Sounds likes that Swashbuckler Spectacular show you recorded is really coming in handy.
That must be a show prop, too. One of its legs is missing, though.
(You know you have an insufficient number of limbs to out-object it, right...?)
A setting sun... Sunsets always remind me how quickly the day goes by...
Down, Athena. Of course I know. I guess they use it for the Swashbuckler Spectacular.
And present it to the judge when things aren't going our way?
I... almost want to see how the judge would respond to that...
I don't think it's for people to hang from. It looks more like a crane to move things with.
(Is she trying to say I have a narrow-minded view of things?)
There's a piece of meat and a plastic hoop suspended from the ceiling. Talk about a clashy décor.
Uh, all orcas are carnivores. You knew that, right?
But that meat is made out of rubber. I doubt Orla could really eat it, even if she wanted to.
I don't think Orla is as dumb as you think she is...
The doors are slightly open, and there are police officers standing guard outside.
Well, now that you've said it, I suddenly feel the urge to do something.
Yeah... that might cause a few raised eyebrows in ways you don't want, Athena...
Oh, look. There's a ball in the water. Is that another prop for the show?
(She suddenly went from "fighting lobster" to "reluctant hermit crab"...)
Are these cannonballs supposed to look like fish eggs or something...?
(A tornado of sharks? Not even Hollywood could conjure up something that insane.)
Looks like the control panel for that crane apparatus. There sure are a lot of buttons...
I know what you mean. You start itching to push them, right?
...Need I remind you that I'm your boss, not your guinea pig?
(It's too far away to get a good look. I'd better get a little closer first.)
It's possible, but it would be hard to prove. Let's take a closer look, shall we?
They're made of rubber. I doubt they could be used as a weapon.
...Yeah, I guess it would.
Yeah? Good for you... (Oh, look. There's a blow-up dolphin and an anchor, too.)
(Yikes! Guess I've been caught red-faced!)
If they suspect Orla, maybe they found some evidence of an attack on the victim...?
Yikes! I guess you weren't kidding when you said the captain was a really strong guy.
(Nothing much to see here.)
I guess that's about it.
Um... am I playing the role of "Nostache"?
Aaaaaaagh!
Yeah... I, for one, feel like I took quite a beating...
But a singing orca, huh? It must've been tough to train her to do that.
(Well, she's still got one up on a pianist who can't play even one song...) Well, now that we've had a taste of the show, we'd better do some more investigating.
I can't believe you can command that huge creature. That's pretty impressive, Sasha.
(That must be pretty nice for you.)
You two are a good team.
It's a whistle they use to make the orca do her tricks.
Well, you ARE one of the talents here at our Wright Anything Agency, after all. The least you could do is learn a trick or two.
(I don't think I want to see Athena do squats...)
No. I just wanted to see what you think.
You're really fired up for this, aren't you?
I'm glad to see your enthusiasm, but if you run like that, you're going to fall.
...Too late.
Not those kinds of ideas. I mean, any thoughts on the case?
(In other words, you don't have any ideas. Got it.)
Me too. I guess I was always meant to be a lawyer. I'm going to polish it up, shinier than it's ever been!
Never mind. You win.
If you love the show so much, why don't you try auditioning to be in it?
Sounds like a pretty pathetic pirate band to me.
Yikes. We're a brutal pirate band?!
I didn't ask if you could blow it. It's such a weird whistle, anyway. It doesn't even make a proper "whistle" sound.
It's the same idea as a dog whistle, so I wonder if dogs can hear it, too?
We had a good look around, but now we're moving on to other areas.
(What?!) P-Please tell us more, Detective!
Is this supposed to be the moment Orla attacked the victim...?
I agree. I believe in Orla and Sasha. Let's just continue with our investigation.
Guess somebody there manages the cameras? Let's check it out later.
No, we're good. Thank you. (For leaking all your info!)
(...Wow. He can whip that badge out pretty fast...)
Athena, in this battle there are no winners...
We don't want crime to go unpunished, either.
Thank you for the translation, Athena.
Well, the banner does say it's the "PUB O' DANGER"...
All of those sounds less like "terror" and more like "torture" to me!
M-My apologies, ma'am. (Wow. She seems intense...)
You think I want to be called "blue boy"? ...*sigh* Let's just see what she has to say.
(That's some deductive reasoning there champ.)
(Hey, that's what I was going to say!) A-And I run a law office!
"A visitor, a patron, a customer, a guest," remember?
And why exactly is that, if I may ask?
I-I remember this...! Psyche-Locks!
No, no. "Psyche-Locks." It's the power of this Magatama. It gives me the ability to see the secrets locked away in somebody's heart. If I can remove the locks, I can uncover their secrets.
It looks like this lady knows something about what happened. I'll just use my Magatama and undo her Psyche-Locks. (Huh? I can't see the locks anymore!)
That's funny. Maybe it's just out of juice...?
Yeah. A certain girl I know poured her spiritual power into it for me. Without that power, I can't undo the Psyche-Locks.
Who did you promise what to?
*sigh* Just when I thought we could find out more about the case...
And why exactly is that, if I may ask?
(Without some spiritual power, the Magatama can't help me unlock Ms. DePlume's secret. I guess we'll just have to think of some other way.)
(Hey, what are you yelling at me for?) Don't you ever get tired of coming here?
Now, now. Why don't we "common folk" just get back to our investigation?
Are you usually pretty photogenic, Ms. DePlume?
(She wants me to agree?!) Let's get a woman's opinion on this one.
A-Athena! I'd stop right there if I were you.
(What, so now I'm a "meaningless trifle," too?)
That's too bad. I was hoping to get a little more out of him.
(Is that somebody... rapping?)
What's with this guy, rapping and making strange bird sounds...?
Yeah, well... Maybe...
Fine by us. And who might you be?
I'm Phoenix Wright.
(Sounds like he's friends with Sasha.)
I like marine creatures, too. (But just the ones you can eat.)
Yeah, friendly and agreeable.
(I can imagine... This tunnel alone must take most of the day.)
Now there's something I never expected to hear from a pirate.
Do you know anything about the incident that took place this morning?
(I guess I won't mention that his eyes are puffier than a pair of pufferfish...)
Vet? This aquarium has a resident vet?
...Okay, but did you have to rap it?
Do you really want a dangerous penguin like that running loose?!
I don't mind, as long as YOU carry the fish.
(Really? What a shocker...)
Oh, yeah? That would be nice, especially if it's free.
I prefer you DIDN'T take naps at the office, actually.
I suddenly feel so alone.
Mr. Rimes, about this fish...
............ Uh, it doesn't look like Rifle's coming...
There are "inner secrets"?
...I see. Sorry to have bothered you with mundane questions from the uninitiated.
(I don't really think being "new here" has anything to do with it in this instance...)
"Small Fry"? Is that another penguin?
(I'm pretty sure that all adds up to "like"...)
(I guess it isn't easy to believe in somebody who can't even speak up for herself...)
Maybe we'll head back there, then.
Hey, Apollo. Think you could whip us up a little meal with these?
Oh, I dunno. I just happened to think of it, and I was hungry.
That's really generous of you, Apollo. Don't forget to invite Trucy, too.
What?! No! What kind of rule is that?!
(Athena just eats this stuff up.)
(Huh? There's something on the left side of the pool that wasn't here before...) It looks like an electronic sword...?
Hi, Sasha. What's with this strange sword here?
(But not if she drops the walkie-talkie on the floor.)
Hey, who's that riding on Orla? Isn't that Rifle?
Now you've scared Rifle away with all that yelling...
(Hey... It's... It's...) Pearls?!
(Could Pearls be the "Small Fry" Mr. Rimes was talking about?)
(This is Pearl Fey. I call her "Pearls." She may dress a little funny... ...but that's because she's a spirit medium -- a real prodigy with great power, at that. I've known her since she was little, and she sometimes comes to the office to visit. She's just a little older than Trucy, so she's been like a big sister to her.)
(...Is she trying to be MY big sister too, now?!)
What are you doing here, Pearls?
Oh, I see.
Well, you know how I used to travel to Europe to study their legal systems, Pearls? I met Athena on one of those trips.
(Hey, I thought I was supposed to be asking the questions here!)
Yeah, something like that, I guess.
(I've always been an adult the entire time I've known you, Pearls!)
Ha ha. Thanks. I let our friends know I was back, too.
That would be really nice. But if you tell me about it, it won't be a surprise, you know.
Yeah. I bet you would've really enjoyed it.
Yeah, uh... I doubt there are any blue whales at the aquarium.
No, this is for Rifle. We were asked to feed her.
Oh, I'm sure she would--from you.
No, that's not what I meant. (That IS what I meant, though.)
Now, now, Athena. Let's be adults about this. You've got poor Pearls here all confused.
That's all right, Pearls. No worries.
She sure does seem to be attracted to Pearls...
I guess it doesn't really fit the whole "rough-and-tumble pirate" image very well... But, hmm... why does this calendar smell kind of like fish...?
(Uh-oh. I got Pearls mad...)
So you were looking for Rifle, too?
She went towards Orla instead.
Maybe you should quit chasing after her with that scowl of yours...
(Uh-oh. I got Pearls mad... again.) Why don't you try to get Rifle to take some food from you?
It's shaped like a penguin. It is pretty cute, isn't it? Maybe I should buy a calendar for the office before I leave. I always run out of room to write appointments in my planner.
I'm not very good at using electronic devices...
I think "moving" might be going a bit far... Anyway, how did you get Rifle to come to you so easily, Pearls? I heard Rifle was attracted to the smell of fish...
Uh, maybe just a little, yes...
(That's odd... I wonder why Pearls smells like she's holding a bucket of fish...?)
Is there something wrong with Orla's feeding habits lately?
How long are you going to keep saying that? (She sure is excited to make a new friend.)
(Care to phrase that in a way us non-biology majors can understand...?)
It's true, she does seem very gentle. She hardly seems like a "killer" whale...
She's the biggest defendant we've ever had. (Literally!)
Oh, Pearls. I have a big favor to ask.
It's about my Magatama... Its spiritual power seems to have vanished.
Thank you, Pearls! Now I can break Psyche-Locks again.
Hmm, you're right. But didn't she say this was her first time here...?
What was Pearls doing in the staff corridor?
The staff corridor, huh...? Something about that doesn't sit well with me...
Yeah, good idea. Let's go catch up with her.
But we should give the scene another look, too, though. We might've missed something.
Wasn't that "The criminal always returns to the scene of the crime"?
I'll say. It's like a wild pirate ship.
...Let's save the pirate fun for AFTER the investigation, shall we?
But you're the one who wanted it. Why do I have to carry it?
And you still take lots of naps, right here at the office.
(Not buying it.)
(Looks like Mr. Rimes and Pearls are talking.)
Could you tell us more about your relationship?
Um, Pearls, why do I see a Psyche-Lock?
(Hmm... I don't really feel right about digging into Pearls's affairs... But she was here at the aquarium at the time of the incident... Whatever she's hiding could help us in court! Sorry Pearls, but I'll have to use my Magatama on you.)

(A Psyche-Lock... A lock on a person's heart that only I can see... The deeper the secret is hidden, the more locks there will be. Pearls only has one lock, so I should be able to undo it fairly easily. But if I make a mistake, I'll be locked in a loop and won't be able to move forward. Okay, time to give it a try.)
Pearls, you have to tell me about your relationship with Mr. Rimes.
But there are areas where ordinary "visitors to the aquarium" don't get to go... You were here before the incident occurred, weren't you?


Proof...? No, can't say that I do... (Hmm... I'd better give it another try...)
Someone told me you were there.
(Sounds reasonable. I guess I'd better move on to my next topic.) Actually, there's something else I've been wondering about, Pearls... Why do you smell like fish?
Well, there's a certain someone who convinced me it wasn't my imagination.


Huh? Oh, I guess not... (When it comes to sniffing out the smell of fish, there's only one nose that I can rely on!) Pearls, I want you to be honest with me.
She's apparently very attracted to the smell of fish. Rifle didn't want anything to do with Athena, even though she had a bunch of fish. So why then, was Rifle so attracted to you, Pearls?
(Hmm... Looks like she's still not ready to talk about it.) You had an object with you that smelled fishy, too. In fact, I think this has something to do with your secret.


(I guess that wasn't it. The key here is something that smells fishy.) Let me try that again, Pearls.
The fishy smelling calendar has something to do with your secret, doesn't it, Pearls?
(Whew. It was only one lock, but it sure took some work!)
Please tell me about your relationship with Mr. Rimes.
Oh, Pearls. I know big, crowded places are hard for you.
I guess that explains why you smell fishy, pardon the pun.
(But it doesn't explain why Pearls wanted to keep it a secret.)
Why did you want to hide your meeting with Mr. Rimes?
Huh? Why not? What was he doing in there?
Pearls, about what time did you run into Mr. Rimes?
I see... Do you mind if I hang on to this calendar for a while? It might be a clue to the victim's movements before he was killed.
(Good. Now maybe I'm ready to remove Ms. DePlume's Psyche-Locks, too.)
(She sure seems to know a lot about the workings of this aquarium. And maybe a little something about the incident this morning, too.)
That's "Psyche-Lock," Athena. "Psyche-Lock."
And why exactly is that, if I may ask?
(All right. Now that I can see her Psyche-Locks again... ...I just have to tap my Magatama to start removing them!)

Ms. DePlume, I want you to tell me the secret you're hiding.
I don't know who you made this promise to... but you WILL tell me. You're not an aquarium employee, and yet, here you are, after the place has closed. That must mean you're connected to the incident involving the owner somehow.
No, I think you do. I have a piece of evidence here that suggests you DO know something.


You won't be able to evade my question once you've seen this!
Er... (I guess this wasn't it. I know I have something here somewhere that shows Ms. DePlume knows something.) ...All right, then. Let me try one more time.
According to Detective Fulbright, this shows the orca attacking the victim. And the person in this footage... is wearing an outfit just like yours, Ms. DePlume.
And I think I can guess why you're here at the aquarium. You aren't simply a visitor to the aquarium; what you really are is...
You are a police investigator.
(I full well did NOT know that.)
I've got it! You are... (Now, what did they call them here again...?) You're a "crew member' of Shipshape Aquarium!
(Ack! All right, fine. It's not like I wanted to call them that in the first place!)
You are a visitor who also happened to witness the death of owner Jack Shipley.
It's not good for you to keep things inside, you know. I'm sure you'll feel much better once you get it all out.
(If she wanted to tell me this badly, why couldn't she have just done so from the top?)
P-Please calm yourself, Ms. DePlume! (And that's "top-class badgering" to you!)
(Please don't explode on me...)
Could you start with telling me what you saw?
(Hmm... So both Ms. DePlume's statement and the footage point to Orla's guilt...)
So... big fan, huh?
So what exactly have you written, Ms. DePlume?
(It sounds like her "research" was a bit too much to take...)
(This lady is shameless.)
What did you see?
Orla... bit the owner to death...?!
D-Detective Fulbright! I guess you've already heard it, too?
B-But she's not dangerous!
Really?! Then could we have that prosecutor take a look at the investigation reports?
Not a chance. We'll just re-examine the crime scene and strengthen our case.
Athena! Wait! No running!
A-Are you okay? (It didn't look like she tripped, but...)
Huh? Orla? What is it, girl?
Athena! Are you all right?! (She crashed into all that stuff behind her.)
That was a pretty amazing wipeout. Are you hurt?
Maybe she thought you were the main entrée?
Ha ha ha. In any case, let's give the ball back to Orla.
Hey, you're right. There are things now that we couldn't see before. (Like another ball. I guess Orla really likes them.)
We'd better take a good look around.
Orla sure can hit that ball hard!
...Not how I would've interpreted that, but whatever floats your boat.
Looks like we just found that giant octopus prop's missing leg.
Yeah, but even if we did catch one, how are you planning to slice it up?
(I've never seen anyone so hell-bent on chomping down some giant octopus...) Well, I doubt we could catch one that big anywhere near the shore, anyway...
(It would appear that Operation Discourage Insanity has backfired...)
Volleyball, huh?
(What's a blobfish? ...Or do I not want to know...)
What's this? A coin...?
You're right! But it's dried.
Hmm... I'm not sure, but now that we've found blood outside the pool... ...it just might help us prove that there's more to this case than just "accidental death."
Speaking of coins, take a look at this. There are a few coins around the body here, too.
There's a broken sword here.
(Don't tell me it happened when Athena fell over...?)
What?! N-No! Of course not!
(I'd better watch what I think or I'll get every little thing thrown back in my face.)
What?! Call an ambulance-- Hey, it's just a dummy.
Well, I guess we just found that you don't bluff well under pressure.
(Forget the tricks, those bite marks look pretty dangerous...)
Hey, Sasha? Would you happen to know anything about this coin?
You picked up all of the coins already?
(I can't see anything from here. I'll have to take a look when I'm by the ladder...)
Look! I think I see something on the bottom of the pool.
You can't jump in dressed like that! You'll drown under the weight of your clothes!
Thanks, Sasha. So there really were more of them down there, huh?
Hmm... Sounds like they'd be heavy.
(I wonder how the blood got on that one coin? Wait a minute. Could it be...?) Remember how Detective Fulbright said that they couldn't find a murder weapon? Well, what if these coins were the weapon?
Well, one coin by itself isn't much of a threat, but... 300 coins together could definitely be used as a weapon. All you'd have to do is...
I bet a frozen lump of coins would make for a pretty good weapon.
...I guess you're right. (But, wait a minute. There IS another way to bundle coins together!)
I bet you could kill a man if you threw them hard enough.
Yeah... (Wait a minute...! Maybe there IS a way to bundle them all together...)
If you put seven pounds of coins in a bag and swung it at somebody... ...it would make a pretty formidable blunt instrument, wouldn't it? It would explain how blood got on this coin.
But I don't see anything resembling a coin bag around here.
Yeah, it would certainly make it look like Orla did it if they did...
I agree. It shows the possibility of a human killer rather than Orla.
Good idea. Let's hope they're still at the Pub O' Danger.
(Is he trying to console me?)
Right. Because we won't let Orla be put down.
Please take a look at this bloodstained coin.
Urk. (She doesn't have to get so worked up...)
We found this coin beside the orca pool.
We just learned that there's 300 of these, weighing about seven pounds all together. Now, what do you suppose would happen if a person was assaulted with that many coins?
If the blood belong to the victim, then yes, it's entirely possible!
Y-You wouldn't?! Why not?!
...You will?! Thank you very much!
Really?! So does that mean a new suspect has emerged?
...That's fine, Detective. Thanks for arranging this for us.
Defending Orla in court was my idea from the start. And I'll do whatever it takes to save her.
...Well, at least we managed to get the case to go to trial.
To be honest, I'm not really sure myself.
Ha ha ha. Then we ought to be just fine. Guess I should go over that Swashbuckler Spectacular you were watching this morning.
(There's nothing decisive against Orla in the security tape, but that doesn't mean much. I'll just have to find a more concrete way to save Orla at tomorrow's trial or else!)
(I guess I've seen enough of the inside the pool... [sic] but maybe just one more look.)
Nothing particularly interesting here.
(I think I have enough evidence, but maybe I should do a bit more thinking first...)
Good morning. Chipper as ever this morning, I see.
(And I just splashed my face with some water to get the sleep out of my eyes...)
Thanks. It just might help our case. By the way, you have some serious dark circles. Did you stay up late watching this?
Speaking of being pumped, I'm pretty fired up for this trial, too. It's been a while.
(...That was a compliment... right?)
Thanks, Pearls. It's been so long, I'm actually a little nervous.
(Right. One unprecedented trial, coming right up!)
The defense is ready, Your Honor.
(Prosecutor Simon Blackquill... Known as the "Twisted Samurai," he's a prosecutor who's also a convicted felon. They say he never conducts a trial without his loyal hawk Taka by his side.)
Thank you, Your Honor. And you look as young as ever yourself.
Absurd or not, I will carry out my duty to defend my client.
(The real question is, am I in for more pain... as always?)
(Aw. She's waving her flipper at us. Maybe she's cheering us on?)
(Am I the only one who isn't telepathic here?)
Not everything needs to be a competition, Athena...
The visual disconnect must really be doing a number on His Honor's head...
(Who knew Ms. DePlume was so famous?)

Umm... the defense would like to do some defending first, if that's all right...
...Let me guess. They were convicted for contract fraud, right?
(Looks like I guessed right.) Sorry, but as Ms. Cykes said... ...the defense has every right to cross-examine. Isn't that correct, Your Honor?

Why did you want to see the orca?
(All righty then. I guess Prosecutor Blackquill is for the birds.)

The orca suddenly went crazy, did she?
Did you do anything to make her angry?
(She glared at Orla?) And that's what caused her to go berserk?

So you're saying you saw the very moment of the victim's death?
(I suppose for a writer, that would be pretty terrifying...)


Why were the police the first ones you contacted?
...Ms. DePlume is the most assertive witness I've ever seen.
Ms. DePlume, I praise your swift decision-making skills under pressure!
(How about cutting this small fry some slack, you big meanies?)
(The important thing here is, did she really see the "moment of the murder"?)
Ha ha ha. I guess I really am a lawyer at heart.
It would seem that you are mistaken, Ms. DePlume.
The autopsy report does indeed say, "Death thought to be result of orca attack"... ...but the actual cause of death is "contusion from head trauma," not "being bitten"!
I don't believe that can be true. The security footage doesn't show anything of the kind.
(Well, what did you expect when he wouldn't play nice and share?)
Huh?
(Guess that hawk is higher up on the pecking order than Fulbright in Blackquill's book.)
N-No waaaaaay!
...!

H-However! In the autopsy report, the cause of death is "contusion from head trauma"!
(Nrgh...!)
Athena, please try not to provoke Prosecutor Blackquill.
O-Orla killed the victim by head-butting him?!
(Hmm... That footage backs up Ms. DePlume's testimony... But there's also something very important it does NOT show...!)

I'm sorry, but I can't allow your testimony to stand unchallenged. Looking at this footage, the orca certainly seems to be head-butting something... ...but you'll note that the "something" is not the victim!
(I want to look away... but I can't...). Even if it was the victim, you couldn't have seen him from where you were, could you?
Ms. DePlume, did you actually witness the victim getting head-butted by the defendant?

But if you didn't actually see the moment of attack itself, then it's pure conjecture!
(One year ago...?)
I'm sorry, but could someone explain exactly what happened a year ago?
What?! Is this really true?! (This is not looking good for us!)
(The same thing she's accused of in this case!)
(We were doing so well, but now... Now everyone in the room has a bad impression of Orla. I don't want to think she did it... ...but it's hard to keep on believing in somebody who can't even tell me her side...)
Sasha... (What am I doing, doubting my client like this? This is the time to be strong!)
Don't you worry, Sasha. We won't give up on Orla. We'll defend her to the very end!
(We are Orla's lawyers. Who else but us can save her?! We can't give up on her now!)
! (He saw right through me!)
It's true that Orla can't speak, and I don't know her thoughts... ...but there's a certain someone who believes in Orla with all her heart. I respect the trust she has in Orla, so I'm willing to believe in Orla, too.
No matter what you say, I will continue to believe. I don't give up that easily, you know.
What she heard...?
(Hmm... I don't see a single obvious inconsistency in this testimony. It's clear I won't be able to take her apart her statements with evidence alone.)
You seem pretty confident. Let me guess. You noticed a contradiction between the testimony and her emotions?
Then let's give your knowledge of analytical psychology a try!

(Okay. Let me listen to her testimony again.)
Ms. DePlume, Orla really frightened you with her head-butting, didn't she?
(This is practically turning into a counseling session.)
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!
(So her terror was a reaction to blood, was it? That would certainly explain what happened yesterday...)
Please take a look at this bloodstained coin.
Urk. (She doesn't have to get so worked up...)
(This is a bad turn... If Ms. DePlume saw blood... ...then does that mean Orla really did attack the victim...?)
Argh... That testimony was not at all what I expected to hear...
What? You mean there's more?
(Ugh... Is there even anything left of our case to damage...? Well, whatever it is, we have to face it head-on.) Athena, you believe in Orla, right? If so, there's no reason for us to shy away from the truth.
I know we can handle the truth, whatever it is, so let's delve a little deeper!

(Okay. Let me listen to her testimony again.)
(Huh? Her fear appears to lessen here at this statement.) Ms. DePlume, weren't you afraid when you saw the victim with blood coming out of him?
Disappear? And why do you suppose that was?

And how exactly does that work...?
(Wait a minute... From whom was this blood that Ms. DePlume saw actually coming from?)


Maybe somebody else was bleeding in the orca pool, somebody such as this!
I-I'll be right back with some floaties, Your Honor... (Hold on... "Entered the pool"...? What if this individual didn't "enter" the pool, but was already "in" the pool...? Who else was in the pool besides the victim?)
Consider this. Maybe the one who was bleeding wasn't the victim.
Oh, I wouldn't say there was no one else. It IS an orca pool, after all.
I'm not sure. But if simply wearing the pirate hat made the blood "disappear"... ...then the blood must've been coming from somewhere on Orla's head!
That was a huge help, Athena. (It was also pretty dicey for a while, though.)
That is correct. And since there was no blood coming from the victim... ...there's only one thing we can conclude. That what Ms. DePlume witnessed was not the "moment of the murder," as she claims!
Meaning...?
...! (He has a point there.)
Ack! (There must be something. Think, Phoenix! If I'm correct, then the victim's death occurred...)
(If the victim was alive when Orla started her head-butting... ...then that would basically make Orla the one who killed him. But since I don't think she did it, then we must be wrong about when it took place.)
(If the victim was already dead when Orla started her head-butting... ...then that would mean he died sometime before Ms. DePlume was watching her. The events Ms. DePlume witnessed took place at around 10:10 AM. I must have something that can tell us about what happened before 10:10 AM!)


This is the evidence that proves Ms. DePlume did not see the moment of the murder!
............But you're not sure, right...?
(Ouch. I guess we can be...)
(We've only seen the footage from 10:09 to 10:10 AM. Which means... there's still footage going further back that we need to check!) Your Honor, I request that ALL of the security footage be played for the court.
Ms. DePlume witnessed the cloud of blood at around 10:10 AM. But I believe the victim was already dead by that time.
Exactly. The security camera footage starts at 10:00 AM when the aquarium opened. And I believe there is vital evidence in the ten minutes before!
(I've bet on slimmer chances before, but when he puts it that way...)
(Uh-oh. I can't back down now...)
(Please, PLEASE have something for me!)
(Now to see if I can find something from before this point in time!)
............ Is that it?
(...Did I see anything important? I'd better think about this carefully...) In the footage, we see...!
This is the important thing the footage shows!

Different things are important to different people. "Importance" is a subjective thing!
Urk. (Wait a minute... What if something that SHOULD be in the footage isn't there...?) P-Please wait, Your Honor! Um... That footage...
We can see nothing of importance in that footage.

No. It's just the opposite.
In this ten minutes of footage, something important that SHOULD be there isn't there! Detective Fulbright, this footage should have been submitted as evidence.


There is no problem, which is exactly why it is a problem, right?!
...My apologies, Your Honor. (If the victim was alive, there's something we should see in the footage...) I still content that there is something important that is not in this footage.
The important thing we should see in the footage is the victim himself, Jack Shipley. I don't know about you, but I didn't see him get in the pool in that footage.
If the victim is not shown entering the pool in this footage... ...it means that he must have been there by the skull rock during those ten minutes. But no human being can hold their breath underwater for that long.
When the security camera started up at 10 AM, the victim was already dead!
I don't know, Your Honor, but we now know it had to have been sometime before 10 AM. Therefore, this footage can no longer be called decisive evidence against my client!
Not necessarily. The defense believes that the true culprit may have been human. And we have evidence to back up our theory as well!
(The defense's trump card -- that thing we found during our investigation yesterday... I wouldn't go so far as to call it "decisive," but... ...now's the time to play it!)


...That's what I was just thinking myself, judging by the judge's expression...
(Ugh... I must still be rusty, but this time, I'll present our real trump card!)
Yes, a fake coin used in the aquarium's pirate show. We found it beside the pool. This coin is quite possibly the real murder weapon.
This is no bluff, and this isn't the only coin. There are 300 of these coins all together, weighing a total of about seven pounds. This one just happens to have blood on it.
Not yet... ...but there were coins scattered all around the body, and the victim had a head wound. Taking these things into account, I believe it has to be the victim's blood. So, to put it together, we have about seven pounds of coins by the side of the pool... ...one of them with a bloodstain on it. I think the answer is pretty clear here. Your Honor! The defense proposes that the victim was killed beside the pool!
It'd be pretty easy if they were in a bag or something of that nature.
Unfortunately, Your Honor, we recovered nothing of the sort from the scene. It's possible the culprit took it with them.
The true culprit used the coins as a blunt instrument to commit murder. They then threw the body into the pool before the security cameras started up. And then they left, taking the bag the coins were in with them. They got rid of the evidence that points to a human culprit to pin the blame on Orla!
Yeah, somehow... (Let's hope my luck holds out... Hmm... I wonder why Prosecutor Blackquill hasn't said anything...)
But are they REALLY that bizarre...?
To explain the inexplicable, all we have to do is turn our thinking around.
(Time to give the ol' "turn my thinking around" method a try! Instead of trying to figure out WHY Orla did the same things she did a year ago... ...I should consider the results that were produced by her behavior this time around. Orla sang a song, did some head-butts, and bit the victim. If the real culprit wanted to shift the suspicion onto Orla... ...then they would've needed to give people a reason to think Orla did it in the first place!)
I believe we should think of it in this way, Your Honor: What kind of effect did Orla's actions have on the case?
The defendant's actions may have killed the victim.
Oh! What?! No...! I retract my statement, Your Honor!
(Instead of trying to figure out WHY Orla did the same things she did a year ago... ...I should consider what the result was of her doing the same things as a year ago. That's what I have to focus on now!) Your Honor! Please let me try again!
The defendant's actions may have gotten rid of evidence!
Vital evidence that would prove who the true culprit is! ...At least, that is what I hope.
(Instead of trying to figure out WHY Orla did the same things she did a year ago... ...I should consider what the result was of her doing the same things as a year ago. That's what I have to focus on now!) Your Honor! Please let me try again!
Ms. DePlume focused her attention on the orca pool because she heard the song. The orca's act of singing a song created a witness.
Isn't it possible... ...that fabricating a witness was the real culprit's true intention? After all, Ms. DePlume witnessed two things: She saw Orla head-butt something over and over, and she saw the orca bite the victim. Those two actions of Orla's might have been... ...the true culprit's plot to make the witness think the orca was attacking the victim!
Exactly. And that would explain Orla's actions perfectly.
Yes, there is a way to manipulate Orla's behavior, with this!


...Sure, maybe it could be, if one knew how!
M-My apologies, Your Honor... (Hmm... I know I have something that can be used to control Orla's behavior...)
Yes, Your Honor. Trainers at the aquarium use whistles to issues commands to Orla. But in truth, anyone can do it, provided they know the right signals.
The true culprit hid the body in a spot that couldn't be seen from the visitor's corridor. Then, when Ms. DePlume appeared, they gave Orla the commands! In other words, Orla was manipulated by the culprit to perform a series of "tricks"!
And, as for you, Ms. DePlume... ...you were manipulated by the true culprit to play the part of the witness!
(Ugh... That was one wardrobe malfunction I did NOT want to see...)
(I guess even Prosecutor Blackquill can't refute the possibility of a human suspect.)
Now, if only we could find the bag the coins were in...
Exactly, Your Honor. If the blood on the coin proves to be that of the victim... ...we can unequivocally overturn Orla's accusation.
ACK! (M-My hair! My beautiful hair!)
(That hawk sure does love the judge's head.)
A b-bag...? (I don't think I'm gonna like this...)
H-How did you get that?!
And... does the blood belong to the victim?
(I knew it! So the blood on the coin DID belong to the victim!)
What?! How can you still suspect Orla?!
What?! But--
(M-Marlon Rimes?! Is a witness...?!)
(I wonder what Prosecutor Blackquill is going to have him testify about?)
(...So close, Your Honor, so close... and yet so far.)
(Hmm... So that gives us a little more info about the area around the orca pool.)
The defendant made the stuff fall down...?
(...What is he? The jail gossip?)

But the witness only said he "heard a loud noise." That doesn't automatically make it the sound of Orla making the items fall! Also, why did you only "look in" on the pool room, anyway, Mr. Rimes?

If Mr. Rimes couldn't enter the room, there's at least one thing he can't be sure about! His statement that the orca was playing volleyball is purely speculation!
(Argh! I have to discredit that statement somehow! If I don't, it'd mean that Orla was the culprit, even if the victim died beside the pool!)

Are you sure about the time you were in the staff room?
(Hmm... If he's sure about the time, then there's something wrong with that statement. I'd better take another look through the Court Record...)


You heard the noise all the way in the staff room?
What kind of noise did you hear?
(Okay... But why the need to rap it...?)

You couldn't see the victim?
But the hard truth is that those coins were actually the murder weapon...
If you find our client guilty, that is. Mr. Rimes, do you have a theory on how the things got knocked down?

She uses this ball and does a spike, right? We had a nice little demonstration of Orla's spike for ourselves just yesterday.
?
Including you.

Are you saying you think she knocked down the items on purpose?
(I guess maybe an orca could be strong enough to make that much stuff fall...)
(Wait until you see me do acrobatics! Moments like these are what I became a lawyer again for!)
(I don't know why, but Mr. Rimes is lying. I'm afraid I have to expose that secret he and Pearls were keeping to resolve this...)
You say you were in the staff room, but is that really true?
Mr. Rimes, have you ever seen this calendar before?
I see you recognize it.
(...I guess that bird comes in handy now and then.)
Uh, no, Your Honor! This isn't my calendar. It was originally the witness's, but it came into the possession of a certain young lady.
Mr. Rimes and this young lady first met each other in the food prep room. After a mishap, their calendars got switched around. They ran into each other at about 10:10 AM in the food prep room. So clearly, the witness was not in the staff room. In other words, there's no way he could have heard the noise in the pool room upstairs!
(That's because Mr. Rimes and Pearls were keeping it a secret.)
Who told you about it?
Unless you tell the truth, Mr. Rimes, I can't save Orla. And I'm sure you know how sad that would make Ms. Buckler.
What?! From Ms. Buckler?!
(What is going on here?)
(Ugh! I certainly didn't see this coming!)
(I don't know what Sasha is going to say... ...but I'll just have to meet it head-on, whatever it is!)
I guess I'll have to ask her about the noise from the stuff falling down.
Mr. Rimes, why did you lie?
The note about meeting the captain at the orca pool?
(I guess it does look like more of a woman's calendar than a man's...)
You're right. After all, we're the only ones who can save Orla.
...Well, it can't be the judge. He HAS a mustache... and a full beard.
(I'd bet money he didn't think you were going to do it like THAT...)
(...So Orla was the one who broke that leg, huh?)
Or does it...? The circumstances are different. The actual order of Orla's actions depend on the order the witness heard the two noises. If she heard the scream first, the prosecution's claims don't stand up!
............Sh-She doesn't...?
(I have to turn things around here somehow! Unless I can prove the sound Sasha heard was NOT the sound of the victim's murder... ...Blackquill's claim that Orla pulled down the equipment to kill the victim will stand. If I want to save Orla, I have to find a contradiction, no matter how small!)

What made you think Orla was summoning you?
(Am I expected to enter Trucy into this "my kid is better than yours"-apalooza...?) And did you heed the summons of this very intelligent Orla immediately?

You heard Ms. DePlume scream?
Ms. DePlume sort of reminds me of a sea lion, actually.
(I guess Athena is still upset about being called "yellow girl.")

You and the security guard headed to the orca pool room?
And why am I getting scolded here, Your Honor...? Ms. Buckler, please tell me what happened after you headed to the pool room.

What do you recall about the scene exactly?
(Specific questions, huh? Okay, let's see. What should I ask her about?)
Could you tell me more about the things that were scattered around?
The new show?
So all the stuff that fell down was for the new show, is that it?
Your Honor, for the record, I'd like that information added to the witness's testimony.
Could you tell me more about the state you found the victim in?
I guess I shouldn't push her on it, then. (Poor Sasha... She must've really adored him.)

These props for the new show... What kind of things were they?
(What [sic] a minute... Something about that doesn't seem right... Is there a problem with Sasha's testimony?)
(I guess there isn't any particular problem. I'd better get on with the cross-exam.)
I think we probably need more information before we can know what really happened. Let's be careful not to let a single inconsistency slip by us.
You say you the captain was wearing his "usual costume," but is that completely accurate?
If we look at the body, we see that there's a discrepancy between that and your statement. You stated that the victim was wearing his usual costume. But you'll notice that the victim was wearing a red scarf around his neck. I imagine this red scarf is part of his costume for the new pirate show.
But in this photo, I believe I see a red scarf...
Oh... I see...
(So the scarf doesn't have anything to do with the case? But there's something about the timing of the stuff falling that bothers me... Hold on. The timing of the stuff falling... The timing... Maybe... my theory has been all wrong from the beginning! Maybe... the bag of coins isn't the murder weapon!)

I'm sorry, Prosecutor Blackquill, but based on the circumstances at the scene... ...the defendant couldn't have dragged the body into the water after the equipment fell.
Oh, I'll tell you all right. (If my theory has been all wrong... then I'll just have to fix it!)


Please focus on this point!
Right here! No... uh, I mean... right AROUND here! To, uh... somewhere over there-ish... And please also take a look at this area over here as well...
(...Okay. I deserved that. The items that fell were props for the new show. A blow-up dolphin and anchor, the bag of coins, the red scarf, swords... If the body was dragged into the pool AFTER the items fell... ...then a certain piece of evidence shouldn't still be in this photograph.)
This red scarf fell at the same time as the bag of coins. But if the body was dragged into the pool after the bag of coins fell... ...then the red scarf wouldn't still be on top of the body!
In other words, the victim was already dead when the equipment came crashing down! Therefore, the bag of coins that fell with the red scarf was NOT the murder weapon!
Well... yes, that's true.
After hearing the testimony, I realized my theory about the murder weapon was wrong. Please recall the facts we have learned so far. It's a fact that what Orla bit was the victim's dead body.
But then, Orla carried the victim's body to the side of the pool... ...and knocked down the equipment for the new pirate show that was piled up there. Maybe Orla was trying to alert the humans to the victim's condition. If Orla knocked the items down on the victim after he was already dead... ...then it means the defendant didn't kill the victim with those items!
Aaaaaaagh!
Ugh... A-All right... (I doubt "I have no clue" would go over well.)
What we don't know is how he died and why his body was at the bottom of the pool. I wonder if there's something that would explain both of those things at once?
Right... (Hold on... Water? Okay. Then what if we flip that around? What if there was no water? Then the body would go right down in an instant. ...So could the real manner of death be...?!) Thanks for the great hint, Athena.
Your Honor! I think we know the real manner of the victim's death!
(What's the manner of death that moved the victim to the bottom of the pool in an instant?)
We believe the victim drowned, Your Honor.
...You're right, Your Honor. Please let me try that again.
We believe the victim was assaulted with a blunt instrument, Your Honor!
Um... could we just forget I said that...? You know, about the blunt instrument...?
Gah... Please let me try that again.
Please take a look at this diagram of the pool. If there was no water in the pool... ...then it would be very easy to move the victim's body to the bottom of the pool.
The orca pool is about 65 feet deep. If the victim were to go from the top of the pool to the bottom when there was no water... ...then he would, without question, have fallen to his death!
The culprit pushed the victim into the pool when there was no water in it. After doing something to keep the body from floating up, they filled the pool with water. The pool water washed away any signs of blood, so no one would realize that he fell!
Yes, it would have to be. All that needs to be explained now is how the real culprit commanded Orla! Ms. Buckler, is there a way to instruct Orla to bite someone?
Then could you tell us about the tricks Orla does know?
(Those sound like pretty nice tricks, but I doubt they're related to this case.)
(Hey! One of these "top-secret" tricks might have something to do with the case! Now, which of these two tricks sounds relevant to the case?)
The human rocket trick shoots a person up into the air. That means Orla shot the victim's body, which had sunk to the bottom, up to the surface!
Huh? (Oops. I forgot about those.)
(Orla has two "top-secret" tricks. The human rocket trick, where she shoots somebody up into the air. And the lifesaver trick, where she brings a drowning person to the surface.)
So, in the lifesaver trick, Orla brings a drowning person to the surface, correct?
The real culprit must have used the lifesaver trick command to manipulate Orla!
Then let's see it for ourselves. Let's have Orla show us her trick using a practice dummy.
(Sounds like the gallery loved Orla's performance!)
Thank you, Orla and Ms. Buckler. And thank you, too, Mr. Rimes. And so now you can clearly see that Orla was manipulated. The bottom of the orca pool needs to be examined immediately! We might still find some evidence of the victim falling to his death!
(What did Prosecutor Blackquill ask for?)
What?! Why did it have to come now?!
What?! (It's something... GOOD for a change?!)
Y-Yeah... (Is it really safe to celebrate...?)
Huh?! For what?
Wh-What are you talking about?! What reason could you possibly have?!
But I'm sure there's some other explanation!
Aaaaaaagh!

But no one would commit murder where their card usage was being recorded!
You suspected Ms. Buckler from the start?
(So he suspected both Sasha and Orla all along...)
Ungg... N-NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
(I feel the same way... Could I have done something differently? But never in my wildest dreams did I imagine things turning out like this!)

This piece of evidence clearly exposes the witness's lie!
(I'm definitely losing the judge's confidence in me here...)

Your Honor! What is your opinion on the witness's statement just now?
Oh... This is my first trial in eight years. It looks like I made a little mistake...
(It's been eight years. Can't he go easy on me?)

That statement is clearly inconsistent with this evidence, Your Honor!
Urk! (I must have the wrong evidence...)
You sensed something wrong with the testimony?
Thanks. That would be a big help! (Then I'll just have to compare the evidence with the statement she shows me!)
Press for more information? I think you're right.
(I'll put my faith in Athena and press on that statement, then!)

When we view your emotions alongside your testimony, we find the unexpected emotion-- (Wait a minute... There really isn't anything strange here.)
......I think maybe you're right.
No, we won. The defendant was found not guilty.
Wait a minute! Talk about false accusations! We were able to prove the defendant's innocence...
...We're going to get to the bottom of this. I don't believe for a second that Sasha did what they're accusing her of.
Right now, I imagine she's still being questioned by the police. Let's get started on the investigation first, and look for proof of her innocence.
Thanks. If you could organize the evidence and clean the office, that'd be great.
(That takes care of that. Time to head to the scene of the crime!)
I can hear her at the bottom of the pool. Maybe there's some water down there.
Detective, I'd like to ask you some questions about the case, if you don't mind.
...Yeah. (We'd kinda be in trouble if you didn't...)
Cleaning, in the middle of the night?
Save your objections for tomorrow's trial.
(...Wow. He can whip that badge out pretty fast...)
Athena, in this battle there are no winners...
We don't want crime to go unpunished, either.
Thank you for the translation, Athena.
This is food for the penguin. I wasn't trying to give it to you.
Raw meat? So what did you do with it?
(Must've been a pretty rotten day for the politician altogether...)
By the way, Detective Fulbright, do you think Ms. Buckler's questioning is over?
But it does concern us. We intend to represent Ms. Buckler.
Medicine...? Looks like a prescription from Hickfield Clinic... (I've spent some time at that hospital, myself.)
We can give it to her as soon as they let us talk to her. (And we have to return her calendar to her as well. If we can't see Sasha or investigate, we should question people at the aquarium...)
In that case, you'll share the prosecution's information with us, right? It's only fair.
Yeah... I didn't really think that was going to work...
Yeah. Do you know Sasha?
Yeah, well... she does wear a mustache during her act...
Well, if you think that will help your act, I say go for it.
Well, listen to you! You sound like a regular little lawyer lady all of a sudden.
I guess that's one way of putting it.
That's not true. We still have Apollo.
Yeah, we're all basically entertainers here when we don't have a legal case to work on.
(I was just kidding.)
Oh, is it, now?
I think your magic show is pretty great just as it is.
Absolutely not! Too dangerous!
You mean that "magic trick" where you EAT the fish?
Now you're just rhyming words.
...I'm starting to wonder how far you're going to run with this one.
Sorry, but this is evidence. I'll have Apollo buy you something instead.
(Poor Athena. She's really upset...) We'd better do some more investigating if we want to save Sasha. Let's check the orca pool room again and question everybody involved.
(Yes, the very definition of "calm," I'd say...) Good for you. Now let's get back to the investigation.
(Not sure it's that simple, but, anyway...) How are you going to get on his good side?
I'd rather you didn't smell like meat while you were standing next to me at the bench.
Me too. I guess I was always meant to be a lawyer. I'm going to polish it up, shinier than it's ever been!
Never mind. You win.
If you love the show so much, why don't you try auditioning to be in it?
Sounds like a pretty pathetic pirate band to me.
Yikes. We're a brutal pirate band?!
I didn't ask if you could blow it. It's such a weird whistle, anyway. It doesn't even make a proper "whistle" sound.
It's the same idea as a dog whistle, so I wonder if dogs can hear it, too?
But you're the one who wanted it. Why do I have to carry it?
And you still take lots of naps, right here at the office.
(Not buying it.)
Especially since he's a fan of Ms. DePlume's work.
Well, what do you know. Looks like you really DID become a fan.
Well, you know what we have to do, right?
My apologies, sir. She insisted...
(Wh-What's with this guy...?)
(And Rimes also mentioned he hadn't seen Dr. Crab around... I wonder where he was?)
Athena, no pets allowed in my office.
Wait! We'd like to ask you a few questions, to save Ms. Buckler!
That's right. Please let us ask you a little about the case.
Dr. Crab, were you gone from the aquarium yesterday?
"S-Supermarine"? That's a funny name for an aquarium.
You and Apollo were talking about animal-assisted therapy yesterday, weren't you?
You LIVE here at the aquarium?!
...I apologize for her, sir. She tends to be too honest.
She's just like a little sniper, isn't she?
("Sniper" and "Rifle," huh? What a dangerous-sounding mother and daughter.)
You and Sniper get along well, don't you? Just like Sasha and Orla.
(It must be rough for him... but it's pretty cute to watch for us...)
Can you tell me anything about Jack Shipley's murder?
It IS a pretty amazing laboratory.
So you were the one who gave this security footage to the police?
Are you sure you should be talking to us about this?
Mr. Shipley promised you something?
(Okay, so that makes him... amazingly awful...?)
(He won't even glance at it.)
(Rifle has escaped again? What is she, she the Houdini of the penguin world?) There's no guarantee we'll find her right away but let's head for the Aqua Tunnel.
(Uh-oh. We ran into the sea lion before our penguin...)
(When did we become the "blue and yellow duo"...?)
In that case, I'll leave the questioning to you, Athena.
Ha ha ha. You'll do great! (You know, being the boss isn't half bad.)
An acquaintance of the victim?
(She's completely taken with her "investigation"...)
(So this incident happened on the exact same date as the last one...? It can't be a coincidence... Anyway, we'd better ask Ms. DePlume about today's trial.)
...I don't remember that Swashbuckler Spectacular song being all that "barbaric"...
(She seemed to be enjoying it well enough...)
Well, if it's proof she wants, it's proof she'll get of the Swashbuckler Spectacular song.
(Hey, what are you yelling at me for?) Don't you ever get tired of coming here?
Now, now. Why don't we "common folk" just get back to our investigation?
Are you usually pretty photogenic, Ms. DePlume?
(She wants me to agree?!) Let's get a woman's opinion on this one.
A-Athena! I'd stop right there if I were you.
(Huh. That actually made sense.) ...I'll be sure to read it.
So, do you regret being a fan now?
(What, so now I'm a "meaningless trifle," too?)
This recording contains the Swashbuckler Spectacular song. In it, you can see Ms. Buckler and Orla singing together.
According to Ms. Buckler, Orla only knows one song.
(The orca sang a song she isn't supposed to know how to sing...?)
(The Center for Dangerous Animal Control? What's that?)
Can you tell us about this "Center for Dangerous Animal Control"?
What makes you think that?
(Dr. Herman Crab... There's still so much we don't know about him...)
I think we'd better stop by the office and discuss a plan of action.
Why not?
(And being able to say that right in front of somebody proves you're a newbie, Athena.)
We're back... Oh, Pearls! Stopping by for a visit?
Uh, thanks... (From out of the ol' Magic Panties, huh...)
We don't have much time, but we didn't get a chance to check out the crime scene yet.
I feel bad making you work when you're supposed to be here having fun.
Yeah? Thanks. I'll be sure to ask you if anything comes up, then.
Ha ha. I appreciate that, Apollo. (I've got some good kids, here.)
("Kind of"?) So how do I look with it?
It never really seems like enough to just have it pinned to my lapel, for some reason.
(Uh, you still do that, actually.)
It's a whistle they use to make the orca do her tricks.
Well, you ARE one of the talents here at our Wright Anything Agency, after all. The least you could do is learn a trick or two.
(I don't think I want to see Athena do squats...)
Hey, Apollo. Think you could whip us up a little meal with these?
Oh, I dunno. I just happened to think of it, and I was hungry.
That's really generous of you, Apollo. Don't forget to invite Trucy, too.
When this case is over, we should go see the show live.
That would be even wilder than a day in court, I bet...
No. I just wanted to see what you think.
All right, team, let's do our best! I have faith we can save Sasha all together.
S-Same here, Athena. (She's so earnest, she's making me blush.)
H-Hey, wait up, you two! (They left without me...)
(...I thought he'd be more tight-lipped than this, but hey...)
Thank you. I think we'll do just that.
(That crane-like thing hanging from the ceiling, right? Got it.)
Thanks. (Why couldn't the pool be less deep...?)
The guard is still here, so keep your voice down when you say stuff like that, Athena...
Hey. Doesn't this pirate flag look like a transport stretcher to you? And judging by the size, it's probably for Orla.
But that pirate flag design... Mr. Shipley sure was into the whole "pirate" thing.
It looks like the water was drained for the police investigation. It seems kind of... sad, somehow, without the water.
I don't think that's ever gonna happen as long as Trucy continues to practice magic.
(I'm pretty sure Trucy will always be interested in magic.)
Orla's spikes sure can do a lot of damage. Mr. Shipley must've been really strong to be able to return those hits.
Do you really have to turn every little thing into a competition?
A setting sun... Sunsets always remind me how quickly the day goes by...
Down, Athena. Of course I know. I guess they use it for the Swashbuckler Spectacular.
And present it to the judge when things aren't going our way?
I... almost want to see how the judge would respond to that...
How do they move Orla?
...Well, what do you know. (Athena looks pleased with herself.)
There's a piece of meat and a plastic hoop suspended from the ceiling. Talk about a clashy décor.
Uh, all orcas are carnivores. You knew that, right?
But that meat is made out of rubber. I doubt Orla could really eat it, even if she wanted to.
I don't think Orla is as dumb as you think she is...
Only the victim and Sasha had security cards for this door. And Sasha was the only one who had entered the room up until the time of discovery.
(As the boss, shouldn't I be the one giving her a pep talk?)
Are these cannonballs supposed to look like fish eggs or something...?
(A tornado of sharks? Not even Hollywood could conjure up something that insane.)
Looks like the control panel for that crane apparatus. There sure are a lot of buttons...
I know what you mean. You start itching to push them, right?
...Need I remind you that I'm your boss, not your guinea pig?
I wonder if Orla was actually trying to save him? I'm convinced she knocked down the equipment to call for help, too.
(Let's use the hoist to go down to the bottom of the pool...)
This must be Orla's bedroom. There's even a sofa and everything.
Orla seems sad.
Orla really seems to understand what we're saying.
They sure are. I guess everything is size "large" around here.
(I stand corrected.)
But that skull rock seems out of place. It doesn't go with the other things...
Maybe Sasha wasn't finished arranging the set?
Never mind that mystery. Let's get back to the investigation.
Hmm... Sounds more like a miserly housewife going over the family finances...
(Nothing special here.)
Huh? Started with what?
(She wants to use the forensics kit so badly, she's practically beaming.) Okay, let's do it. Forensicking, it is!
All right. We'll need these...
It's not like they're a fashion statement! We need them to see if there's any blood! All right, Pearls. You spray the luminol wherever I need it, okay?
Got your glasses on, everybody...? Good. Now to check out the bottom of the pool.
Look! There are luminol reactions on Orla, too.
But wait a minute. Ms. DePlume said the blood disappeared when Orla put on her hat.
(If this blood isn't from Orla's injuries, then what could it be?)
There are luminol reactions on Orla, too.
But wait a minute. Ms. DePlume said the blood disappeared when Orla put on her hat.
(If this blood isn't from Orla's injuries, then what could it be?)
I guess so.
I guess so. The luminol doesn't lie, after all.
I guess that's about it for inside the pool.
(Huh? I hear something...)
What?! You're right! She's listless... and she's sinking!
We can't do anything for her ourselves! Let's get Dr. Crab!
She's listless and sinking! Maybe she's unconscious?
Huh? Us?
Okay! We're on it!
What does the stretcher look like again?
So this pirate flag is a stretcher for the orca, huh?!
(This is no time to be examining this!)
Ah! This must be the button to move the hoist...! Dr. Crab! The stretcher is ready!
(Dr. Crab sure is acting funny... He seems to be hiding something... Maybe we should check on Orla's condition before the staff get here.)
(I guess we don't need to examine the bottom of the pool again.)
(This is the button we used to raise Orla in the stretcher. There's no need to push it now.)
I know how you feel, Athena, but we'd better let Orla rest right now.
I wish we could, but we're lawyers, remember?
Well, we can investigate the cause of her condition. (Didn't we have evidence that might tell us something about the cause...?)
Look at all those pirate hats! Orla must really love those things.
Even with a hat, she still looks like any other orca to me...
(Oops. I forgot how much of a fan Athena is.)
"Wanted," huh? Very piratey. Looks like they list the staff's likes and nicknames and other stats, too.
A reward?
(Uh-oh. Her competitive fire is starting to blaze out of control.)
We should check out the contents of Orla's stomach... I guess... Hey, I see something mixed in with the fish.
...Maybe we'd better not ask. He must've noticed it himself, yet he didn't mention it. I think he's hiding something about Orla's condition. If we show him the capsule, he might try to take it away from us.
Good idea. When we get back to the office, we can ask for Apollo's help.
And I guess they're going to fill the pool back up. I bet that will take awhile... Well, I guess we can leave Orla in the staff's capable hands now.
Let's head to the show stage next. If we're lucky, the police will be done with the place.
We're starting to get quite a bit of evidence. I still can't figure out who the culprit is, though...
All right. Fine. (Whatever.)
Hmm... Why would there be two songs...? It must mean something...
Athena, wait! Better not. You might forget what made you want to let off steam in the first place.
(I guess we already examined this area, but let's take another look around.)
I don't know, but maybe it had something to do with Orla's mysterious condition.
Let's just stick to lawful acts, shall we?
Would you like to help out with the investigation, Apollo?
(Hmm. Let's see... Do I actually have anything for him to do...?)
Oh, good idea. He might notice something that will help us win the case.
Apollo, there's something I'd like your help with.
Could you have this capsule checked out? I think it's some kind of medicine.
Good luck, Apollo. And thanks. I guess we should head back to the aquarium and check out the show stage.
(So this is where they hold the Swashbuckler Spectacular, huh... Looks like the police are done with their work here.)
We're sorry we couldn't prevent her from getting arrested... ...but, as her lawyers, we'll do everything we can for her.
(I want to check this place out, but I'd better talk to Mr. Rimes, too.)
I hear you helped Sasha with the cleaning, Mr. Rimes.
Transport stretcher?
So the rail we saw in the orca pool room runs all the way here, huh?
No, no. That's okay. (I like my investigations on sweet terra firma.)
(Oh, that's right. I remember seeing the hoist control panel in there...)
No need to be sorry. (Whew... Dodged that bullet...)
What? But we proved her innocence in court this morning.
(Her chest...?)
I doubt there are many people who would pit themselves against an orca.
You say Ms. Buckler was mad... Was it because of the new show?
So Mr. Shipley was going to do the show all by himself?
(Is she trying to say it would be like bones without any meat on them...?)
!
A little bit... (...by your screaming.) Is this skeleton an enemy defeated by Orla's pirates?
So you're saying he's alive in the show?
This galleon was in the Swashbuckler Spectacular, too, wasn't it?
It is cute, but it looks like it's also a cannon.
I thought Orla and Sasha were supposed to be the good guys?
I don't think the judge would appreciate any "blamming" in his court.
Athena is a big fan. She watches the recording over and over.
Especially with it open to the sky. You can even hear the sound of the surf nearby. Why don't you take a dip in the pool?
We were just joking.
(Don't tell me she was actually going to do it...)
This ladder only goes down to the surface of the water.
(Yeah... A trial with Apollo can be a pretty dangerous affair...)
We saw this same device in the orca pool room, too, huh?
I've always wanted to burst into the middle of somebody else's trial with a loud bang!
(Just what exactly was this girl learning while she was in Europe?)
This colorful sign... Did Ms. Bucker [sic] make it?
Mr. Rimes, is the skull rock a part of the set for the new show?
(If they were going to use it in the show, what's it doing in the orca pool?)
(Hmm... A few of them look more like leaves to me...)
(Huh? I wonder what he's talking about? I'd better ask...
(Nothing special here.)
(We've examined pretty much everything here, but...)
(We already checked this out, but another round wouldn't hurt.)
Oh, yeah? That would be nice, especially if it's free.
I prefer you DIDN'T take naps at the office, actually.
I suddenly feel so alone.
Mr. Rimes, about this fish...
............ Uh, it doesn't look like Rifle's coming...
There are "inner secrets"?
...I see. Sorry to have bothered you with mundane questions from the uninitiated.
Well, I guess you were worried about Ms. Buckler. It's understandable.
...What does "dissing" mean?
...Ouch. That's harsh.
(I don't really think being "new here" has anything to do with it in this instance...)
(Pearls! I almost forgot she's been "forensicking" for me all this time.)
Prosecutor Blackquill! What are you doing here?!
(Sounds like Pearls wants to do something nice for Orla and make sure she's okay.)
Nothing we do to try and save our client is a waste of time, Prosecutor Blackquill.
Now, Athena. Try not to let him get to you.
(Uh-oh. She hit Prosecutor Blackquill with that water... He doesn't seem to care, though.)
Oh, wait! What about those peculiar fingerprints you said you found, Pearls?
So tell me about this big discovery you made.
Okay... So what's so peculiar about them?
Hmm... Now that you mention it, that IS strange. I wonder whose prints they are?
(How did he manage to leave prints in such an awkward position?)
Yes, you were. Thank you very much, Pearls. (I don't know if they're related to the case yet, but I'll keep them in mind...)
You're probably right. I'm sure they checked everything at the actual crime scene. But I guess they can't do forensics on every inch of the rest of the aquarium.
You're a big fan, aren't you, Athena? You watch that recording every chance you get.
That's what I like to hear.
I don't think you have to go quite that far.
This colorful sign... So Sasha was the one who made it, right?
(If they were going to use it in the show, what's it doing in the orca pool?)
I don't think you can say "twinkling" when you're talking about starfish... Besides, a few of them look more like leaves to me.
Ha ha. Thanks. I let our friends know I was back, too.
That would be really nice. But if you tell me about it, it won't be a surprise, you know.
Yeah. I bet you would've really enjoyed it.
Yeah, uh... I doubt there are any blue whales at the aquarium.
No, this is for Rifle. We were asked to feed her.
Oh, I'm sure she would--from you.
No, that's not what I meant. (That IS what I meant, though.)
Now, now, Athena. Let's be adults about this. You've got poor Pearls here all confused.
It's shaped like a penguin. It is pretty cute, isn't it? Maybe I should buy a calendar for the office before I leave. I always run out of room to write appointments in my planner.
I'm not very good at using electronic devices...
That's all right, Pearls. No worries.
Ha ha! Well, I'm glad she's been found. (I forgot we were looking for her, actually.)
(I think somebody's jealous...)
All right. Good luck, Pearls! And thanks again!
Well, I guess we're done with things here. What do you want to do next?
(Oh, that's right. We haven't done that yet.) Good idea. Let's stop by the office.
It's going pretty well, but there are still things we need answers to.
It has been quite a while. Let's stop by the detention center and see. We have something to deliver to her, too, don't forget.
True. Let's stop by the detention center and let her know we can take on her defense.
I guess nobody's here. Why don't we come back later?
Ha ha ha! I like your enthusiasm!
Maybe the two of you need to take it easy. (I guess they both had the same idea.)
I-Is something wrong? (Why is she hiding from us?)
(It sounds like she's crying back there.)
Maybe the two of you need to take it easy. (Great, now I have crybabies in stereo...)
Well, now that you're smiling again, we have a few questions to ask you.
On the night before the murder, did you enter the orca pool room alone?
(Mr. Rimes mentioned he took care of Orla in the show stage pool.)
And did the captain ever show up?
Could you tell us more about the lifesaver trick?
I see. Does anybody else know about how that trick works?
(And that's why they suspected Sasha...)
(Wait... So she can't do the singing trick and the lifesaver trick at the same time...? So what was that song Ms. DePlume heard?)
Oh, yeah. You're right. (I have it right here in evidence... And we have to give Sasha that item Detective Fulbright gave us, too.)
Why were you arguing with Mr. Shipley?
...What a dramatic way to cheer up a friend.
...The person Norma DePlume wrote about in her book.
(Wow... That was pretty extreme...)
(So Sasha moved the skull rock to the orca pool at the time of the cleaning... And if there's blood on that rock... ...then that must mean that the victim's death occurred after the rock was moved.) Around what time did you finish up the cleaning?
(So that places suspicion on whoever met with the victim after 6:00 AM...)
So Azura Summers was the trainer before you?
(I bet Azura and Sasha were like sisters to one another.)
What is that charm?
You're keeping the memory of Ms. Summers alive.
(Huh? Did the victim have a walkie-talkie on him? Maybe I should show Sasha the victim's photos and see what she has to say.)
What did you mean by "protect Orla from the ship's doctor"?
He was going to put her down right away?
You have regular people participate?
Judging by the colors, I must be the seahorse.
(Her mind is pretty much an open book.)
I can't believe you can command that huge creature. That's pretty impressive, Sasha.
(That must be pretty nice for you.)
You two are a good team.
What?! No! What kind of rule is that?!
(Athena just eats this stuff up.)
This is your calendar, isn't it, Sasha?
Yeah? Mr. Rimes said he found this one in the nap room.
(The owner of this calendar had a meeting scheduled with the victim. This mystery person might be the killer! We'd better find the calendar's owner...)
So you knew about this book?
(Ah, okay. I see what you did there...) So what do you think about what happened that day?
That's right. After all, she was proven "not guilty" in this case, too. We believe in the both of you.
Detective Fulbright asked us to give you this medicine.
Could you two please not drop into show mode out of the blue?!
(She's acting kind of funny...) What is the medicine for, by the way?
Take it easy, Athena. She's in detention, remember?
(Whew. That sounds scary...) Do you mind if I ask more about that fight?
Detective Fulbright gave it to us.
Whaaaaaaat?! S-Sasha...?
Could you two please not drop into show mode out of the blue?!
(...Hmm. I get the feeling Sasha was trying to divert the topic away from that medicine...)
The victim didn't appear to have a walkie-talkie with him at the time of his death.
But there's no walkie-talkie shown in these crime scene photos.
(Hmm. Maybe... But what would be the point of that? I'd better organize the data I have on the victim in the Court Record...)
(So the walkie-talkie was really important to the victim...)
(Protect Orla from the ship's doctor? I wonder what Sasha means?)
That's all right. Don't worry about it. (Gee, I didn't mean to put her in a funk.)
(I guess we'd better look into Dr. Crab a little more.)
I was just thinking the same thing. We have a lot of questions to ask him.
Oh, it's Pearls... and Rifle. What are you doing here?
(Oh, that's right. We were supposed to deliver Rifle to him. I completely forgot.)
D-Dr. Crab...? Are you all right?
Uh... Rifle was really laying into you...
(Gee, Rifle looks so... happy... Is she actually playing with Sniper...?)
Um, what are you doing? (I think Rifle just threw something up.)
Is Rifle okay?
Athena, get a hold of yourself. Dr. Crab is a veterinarian, remember?
(Now I'm really curious to know more about his monitoring system.)
Could you tell us about the monitoring system you have here?
But medical records are usually just a history of past medical exams and data. I never heard of any that could monitor 24/7.
But why would you want to fool me?
(This guy's going to be a tough nut to crack.)
(Huh? This looks like the charm Sasha had...) Dr. Crab, do you know anything about this charm?
(That's odd... When Sasha was telling us about the charm earlier... ...Sasha said that she had Azura's charm. But that charm is still at the detention center... Hey, wait a minute! Didn't Sasha say Azura and her boyfriend had matching charms? So this second charm must be the one that belongs to Azura's boyfriend.) Dr. Crab, is it possible this charm belongs to Azura's boyfriend...?
A-All right... (He sure is touchy when it comes to Azura...)
Azura Summers... Yesterday was the anniversary of her death, wasn't it?
I guess only Orla knows what really happened... both a year ago and this time...
Azura Summers... The trainer who died a year ago, right?
It seems everybody here at the aquarium loved Azura Summers.

I want you to tell me about the monitoring system here.
...And I say that's not true. I have proof that you can't monitor the animals 24/7 with this system.


This is the evidence that you can't monitor the animals 24/7!
Ugh... (I guess I got it wrong.) But I still say it can't be true. And that's because...
The security camera doesn't begin recording until 10 AM. If that's the case, how could you possibly monitor the animals 24/7?!
(Wow. He's really confident in his abilities.) But I still say you can't do that 24/7.
Anywhere? I say that's not true, either. I have proof that there's a place you can't go!


W-Wait! (I guess I got it wrong...)
Because I know it can't be true.
The only people who have access to the orca pool room are the owner and Sasha. So how can you say you monitor all of the animals?
(I guess she was trying to protect Orla from him...) So you're monitoring the animals with a system that's "private, company business." But I have to insist you tell me about this monitoring system.
So what does that machine you were using do?
(Quite a name... I wonder if it's super admin restricted desktop access pass-protected.)
(That was when Sasha was doing the cleaning.)
So Rifle had a late-night snack, but Orla went hungry, huh?
(I'm worried about Orla's condition. I'd better remember this TORPEDO data...)
(Hmm... I still wonder why he wouldn't tell us about the TORPEDO...)
Dr. Crab, why did you want to hide the existence of the TORPEDO system?
I'd like to use this evidence during the trial tomorrow. But it may result in you and Shipshape Aquarium being brought up on charges...
...I appreciate that.
Your "TORPEDO," huh? So it allows you to gather data and observe all the animals?
What were some of the other names on the list?
Oh, well... You know... (Apparently, I don't, either.)
What's that sound? Another penguin...?
...Maybe he wanted it to sound like Sniper?
(His calendar! Could he be talking about THAT calendar...?)
!
We'd better ask him more about this. (And I should try presenting that calendar to him, too.)
Who was that phone call from?
(Who didn't hear that?)
(Huh?! That capsule... It has the same letters on it as the one that was in Orla's stomach! Did Dr. Crab... try to kill Orla...?)
Dr. Crab, isn't this your calendar?
Mr. Rimes found it in the nap room.
(He looks shaken, though...) By the way, did you meet Mr. Shipley at 7:00 AM on July 20th, as scheduled?
(Is that really true? Sasha finished cleaning the orca pool room at 6:00 AM. If Dr. Crab managed to get in the pool room somehow and meet with the victim... ...then he would have had the opportunity to kill Mr. Shipley!)
Please let me ask you one more question, Dr. Crab.
I heard something disturbing from the writer Norma DePlume...
What makes you think that?
I think Shipshape Aquarium might be keeping some kind of secret... ...and that it has something to do with the recent murder!
(F-Five Psyche-Locks?!)
(How am I ever going to remove all those locks?)
(H-Huh?!)
D-Detective Fulbright!
I don't know what secret you and this aquarium are hiding... ...but I'll uncover it if it'll help save Ms. Buckler.
I bet he'll be one tough customer.
(I'll have Athena hold on to the evidence I don't think I'll need in court.)
Hello?
A-Apollo, use your indoor voice.
Okay, yeah. It says "3 Zs" right on it.
The vet...! (Dr. Herman Crab...)
(So Dr. Crab's "euthanization poison"... was actually sleeping pills...? When Orla almost drowned today... was it because she'd been given sleeping pills...?)
Yeah, the one who died a year ago.
Really?! (Azura Summers had the same heart condition as Sasha...?) Nice work, Apollo. Thank you. We'll be coming back to the office soon.
Well, we'd better get back to the office and get ready for tomorrow. What are you going to do, Pearls?
(I'd love to see Sasha and Orla back together again, both free and clear! But before that can happen, I have to prove Sasha's innocence!)
No, it's evidence. But I have a charm of my own, actually.
Ha ha. So you knew about that, huh? I'm a little embarrassed, so don't tell Trucy about it, okay?
Nothing particularly interesting here.
(I think I have enough evidence, but maybe I'd better think about it a little more.)
Videos? What do you mean?
(Hmm. This is an interesting bit of information...)
So TV phones can shoot videos, too, huh? My dumb phone sure can't.
(So all the high-tech stuff is Dr. Crab's doing, huh?)
But Dr. Crab found a charm yesterday, and he was really shaken by it.
That charm looked just like your keepsake of Azura.
I think Dr. Crab will be called as a witness today. There are still so many unanswered questions... ...but I hope to solve them all in today's trial.
The defense is ready-- AAAAAGH!
(...Now I'm completely thrown off...)
(...I guess I should've brought a few carrots of my own.)
(Wow... Chalk one up for Taka... He shut Sniper up with a single sound.)
Uh-oh... The judge already seems to be leaning toward the other side.
(The power of youth comes in handy at times like these.)

Why is the cleaning done so early in the morning--essentially the middle of the night?
(Yeah, I guess prisoners don't get to take days off...)
You don't have to rub it in quite so enthusiastically.

But Ms. Buckler said that Mr. Shipley never showed up to help with the cleaning!
In any case, there's no proof the victim entered the orca pool room during cleaning!
Gah... (Do you have to be so violent...?)

Don't you mean to say that the record shows both of their cards being used?
Gak!
(So I get disparaged either way. Great.)
(Oh, I don't know. I think the two of them were made for each other...)

So the cleaning is done with the pool drained of water?
...Don't you think it might be due, then...? (I guess I can't talk, though...)

So Orla was moved all the way over to the show pool? Why is that?
I guess Prosecutor Blackquill is the fastidious type...
...Hmm. Maybe he's not so much the fastidious type as the prankster type...?

There's no possibility it would be drained at any time other than during cleaning?
(Ugh. Shot down with a single word...) Why are you so certain?
(Whose side are you on, Athena?)
So the fact that Orla is alive and well is proof the water wasn't drained on her?

I-I guess you're right.
A-Athena... (Is that what she really thinks of me?)
(Wow. He just got away with calling a young woman a "chick" in court.)

Hmm. I don't see a single hole in Dr. Crab's testimony.
Somehow, we have to show that the water could've been drained at some other time.
(I have to find out how the water could've been drained while Orla was there!)
If the water in the pool is drained, you say the orca could die. But is that necessarily true?
There is a way to let the water out without harming the orca, isn't there? Your Honor, please allow me to submit this photograph.
As you can see, there is no water around the skull rock area. With the pool in this state, the victim could have been made to fall to his death. However, there IS water on the other side of the partition... ...and Orla looks just fine.
In other words, if the partition is set up at the bottom of the pool... ...the water can be drained without doing Orla any harm!
Yes, there is that possibility.
...It might. I'll submit to the judge. Your Honor! Please take a look at this calendar.
Actually... I would like you to make note of the entry for the day of the incident!
The defense would like to argue that, at the time of that meeting... ...the pool may have been drained of its water!
............It belongs to Dr. Herman Crab. Isn't that right, Dr. Crab?
So you're saying you simply broke your promise? You can't get out of it that easily. I believe you have some explaining to do.
Ack! (The calendar alone isn't good enough, huh? I have to prove the victim could have fallen to his death at that 7 AM meeting time!)
(Hmm... What circumstance was different...? The answer could really tell us something... What circumstance was different between the two possibilities of cleaning and 7 AM?)
If the murder was at a time other than during cleaning, the pool must've been half filled!
Ack! Proof...? I... don't have any proof.
(I'd better rethink that. There must be some other circumstance that was different...)
The murder must have been at a different time of day than the cleaning time!
Ack! Proof...? I... don't have any proof.
(I'd better rethink that. There must be some other circumstance that was different...)
If the murder occurred at a time other than during cleaning, the orca must've been there!
All right, then. My sword is poised and ready. If the murder was committed at a time other than during cleaning time... ...then Orla must have been present at the scene. If I can prove that the murder happened right in front of Orla... ...then I can prove that Ms. Buckler is not guilty!
That is exactly what I'm implying!
(This is a critical point. I'd better think about it carefully...) The defense will...
If I asked Orla if she witnessed the murder, I'm sure she would tell me everything!
Well, I... I'd have to think about that...
No... I'm afraid I don't, Your Honor. (I guess that was a silly idea...) Please let me try again, Your Honor!
I'll continue my cross-examination of Dr. Crab!
You still haven't told the court why you broke your promise to meet with the victim!
(Hmm. Maybe I'd better come up with something that isn't "balderdash"...)
The defense will present evidence, evidence that will prove Orla witnessed the murder!
(Gee, sorry to get your hopes up, Your Honor...)


(Hmm. I thought maybe if I presented it with confidence, it would all work out somehow...)
(I must have some evidence here somewhere that shows Orla witnessed the murder!) Your Honor! Please allow me to present a different piece of evidence!
This photo indicates where we discovered luminol reactions yesterday. By accident, we got some of the luminol testing fluid on Orla. We were then very surprised to see... ...luminol reactions on Orla's body!
(So that cloud of blood Ms. DePlume saw... ...was from Orla head-butting the skull rock, was it?)

But what's odd is the position of those bloodstains. Please take a good look at the photograph. Yesterday, Ms. DePlume said the blood disappeared when Orla put on the hat. That testimony indicated that Orla's injuries were under the hat area. However, these luminol reactions are in two entirely separate areas from her injuries. These bloodstains can't be Orla's own blood from when she was head-butting!
It's my firm belief that it's the victim's blood. The victim was killed right in front of Orla... ...and the victim's blood splattered onto Orla's body!
(Now it finally all makes sense! Orla was a witness to the murder...! So THAT'S why...!)
What?! You're right! She's listless... and she's sinking!
There's one more fact that indicates Orla was a witness to the murder.
(The culprit was afraid Orla could somehow reveal what she witnessed... ...and that's why they did what they did. It's the only thing that makes sense! I have to present that evidence...! ...That evidence that proves the culprit thought Orla was a dangerous witness!)


...Evidence, Your Honor!
............
(The culprit was afraid Orla could somehow reveal what she witnessed... ...and that's why they did what they did. I have to present evidence to prove that!)
The defense would like to submit this evidence.
It's a sleeping drug, Your Honor, a very powerful one. The sleeping drug was discovered in Orla's stomach yesterday. The culprit tried to drown Orla by putting her into a deep sleep!
My sword has been drawn. I'm not about to sheathe my evidence now. Orcas have an enormous potential for intelligence. The possibility that Orla could somehow manage to reveal the truth can't be denied. The culprit believed in this possibility... and that's why they tried to kill her! ............Dr. Herman Crab. You purchased this sleeping drug, didn't you?
Who but a veterinarian would better know how to disguise an orca's death? He could even prevent the police from examining Orla's body!
(E-Eeek...!)
(I guess that weakens my evidence quite a bit...)
But as I recall, it took you quite a while to give that treatment. You didn't even come on your own. We had to go get you.

Didn't know...? That's highly doubtful. As far apart as they were, Dr. Crab still had a way to know all about Orla's condition. The defense would like to submit evidence that the witness knew about Orla's condition.


Urk... No, huh...?
(No matter how far away Dr. Crab may have been, there's one piece of evidence... ...that should have allowed him to realize Orla's condition!)
The TORPEDO...
With this advanced data system, surely you would have known Orla's condition!
The TORPEDO, or "TeleObservation Realtime PErtinent Data Organizer," is a data system. Until yesterday, only Dr. Crab and Mr. Shipley knew about the TORPEDO. It isn't legally approved in this country, so it was kept secret from the police.
With the TORPEDO, I'm sure Dr. Crab noticed the danger Orla was in... ...but he made no attempt to come to her aid on his own! And the reason for that is... that Dr. Crab wanted Orla dead!

Can you prove that statement?!
(Wh-What's with him?)
Table...? Do you mean the table in this photograph?
(So Dr. Crab really did want to save Orla...?)
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!
Ggg... B-B-But... The fact still remains that Orla was nearly killed with Dr. Crab's sleeping drug!
...You're right. That hasn't been discussed yet, has it?
Aaaaagh!
(Aw. She's waving her flipper at us. Maybe she's cheering us on?)
(Hmm. I didn't hear any reports of Dr. Crab feeding Orla... Maybe he didn't have a hand in Orla's attempted murder after all... But is there anybody else who could've fed Orla, besides Sasha?)

The defense objects to the prosecution's claims!
Prosecutor Blackquill. I don't appreciate the way you only mention the parts that are convenient for you.
The prosecutor failed to mention that Ms. Buckler wasn't the only one who fed Orla! As you will all recall, there was another person who gave Orla food.
(Looks like Athena remembers now, too.)
(I don't want to believe it, either, but we can't ignore the truth... The other person who fed Orla during the trial was...)


The person who feed [sic] Orla was... Sasha Buckler!
Oh, wait a minute...! I, uh... Huh? I was just trying to, er... confirm... that the defendant ALSO fed the orca...!
Ugh... It was just a simple attempt at confirmation, Your Honor... (But there WAS another person who fed Orla during the trial...)

...Oops. Uh, my finger slipped.
(But, other than Sasha... ...there was one other person who fed Orla during the trial...)
Please recall when Orla was found not guilty yesterday. ...Marlon Rimes gave the orca a large quantity of food. If the sleeping drug was mixed in with that food... ...it could be given to the orca without arousing police suspicion!
! That charm...!
...I will. Thank you, Dr. Crab.
M-Mr. Rimes...? (Is he really going to admit it?)
(............ I did not see THAT testimony coming...)
! (Meaning, if we turned our backs on Orla... ...we could save Sasha...?!)

Yesterday, the defense proved Orla was not guilty. We have no intention of going back on our assertions now!
But that wouldn't be acting in her interest. Ms. Buckler believes Orla is innocent. And we, of course, believe that Ms. Buckler herself is innocent, too. Acting in the client's best interest is an important part of our job as lawyers. Using dirty means to win a verdict would destroy our client's faith in us.
Ha ha ha. I don't know about that. I think I can save them both. All I have to do is disprove your testimony!
I will do just that. (If I can't tear down his testimony, I won't be able to save both of them. I have to find a weak spot and start tearing!)

What exactly do you claim Ms. Buckler is lying about?!
The defense supports the prosecution's idea!
I want to save both Orla and Ms. Buckler. I won't accept anything less. Now that that's understood, please continue with your testimony.

When the victim was killed, how much water was in the pool?
You went into the orca pool room and saw this yourself? Dr. Crab said that you were at the show stage.

So you're saying the incident took place before the cleaning began?
(Hey, I was the only one who kept my mouth shut!)

Can an orca even do that? Send a person flying up into the air like that?
(Mr. Rimes is claiming that Orla killed the victim by sending him flying into the air... ...but would something like that even be possible in the orca pool room? There's something about that statement that bothers me...)


And that's why you put the sleeping drug in Orla's food!
The culprit must have tried to do away with Orla because she was a witness to the crime. But if Mr. Rimes is the culprit... why would he try to protect Sasha?
(If I'm going to tear down his testimony, then I guess I have to present evidence.)
Of course we don't believe Mr. Rimes's testimony...
When lies are piled on top of each other, contradictions start to emerge. ............This time is no different.
That's exactly what I'm saying. You claimed that the victim was sent flying about 30 feet into the air. But the autopsy report states the cause of death was thought to be from a 65-foot fall.
Additionally, in your testimony a moment ago... ...you said, "At 3:30 AM on the 20th, there was still water in the orca pool." The pool is about 65 feet deep and there's about 30 feet between the water and ceiling. If the pool was full of water as you claimed... ...it would be impossible for the victim to fall about 65 feet, as the autopsy states.
(Mr. Rimes claimed he was in the orca pool room so he could make these statements. But the truth must be he was at the show stage, just as Dr. Crab and Sasha testified!)
(Mr. Rimes was right about one thing. His testimony WAS advantageous to our case. But pointing out the contradiction in his statement will only drive us into a corner...)
(Uh-oh! If I don't do something fast, the judge is going to find Sasha guilty!)
(At a time like this............ the thing to do is turn my thinking around! Instead of trying to prove that Sasha couldn't have done it... ...I have to think about what made it possible for somebody else to have done it. As long as the crime scene is the orca pool room... ...then Sasha is the only one who could have committed the crime.)

Your Honor! Please hold off on that verdict!
The defense has a counterargument!
("A lawyer is someone who smiles no matter how bad it gets..." I'll never forget those words, no matter how many years go by. Even though it's probably just a bluff, I'll give it to them with a smile!) ...What if the scene of the crime was somewhere else?
As I understand, the prosecution's argument is as follows. The scene of the crime was the orca pool room. Only the defendant and victim entered that room when there was no water in the pool. Therefore, only the defendant could have committed the crime.
But of the scene of the crime was NOT the orca pool room... ...then somebody other than the defendant could have committed the crime!
I might not be too sure, but I can't back down now!
Ha ha ha! Of course not! (...The judge knows me far too well.)
Yes, of course! (Think, Phoenix! Think! Think of a place--other than the orca pool room--where one could fall to one's death!)


THIS was the actual scene of the murder!
Well, when you put it like that... my response would have to be... a definite "maybe."
Ack...! This time, I promise to point out the true scene of the murder, Your Honor!
The show stage pool might have been drained of water at some point as well! And, if so, it would be just as possible to fall to one's death there as the orca pool!
O-Of course I do! (I will... as soon as I think of something...!)

How about if, after the victim was killed in the show stage pool... ...his body was moved to the orca pool...?
(There's no turning back now! I have to think of a way the body could've been moved! Was there something at the scene that could've been used to move the body?)


...Huh?
(Even though the two pools aren't all that far apart... ...it would still be pretty hard to carry a body all that distance. So the culprit must've used some kind of tool to move the body.)
The hoist runs between the orca pool room and the show stage. The stretcher can be hung from the hoist to move things like Orla or the skull rock. The stretcher could also have been used to move the dead body!
(Wow! Somehow, that worked! I just might be able to pull this off!) If the show pool was the scene of the crime, somebody else could have done it!
Aaaaaaaaaaagh!
Wh-What do you mean, "half-baked"?
Gah...
NAAAAAAAARGH!
(Meaning... I can't clear Sasha either way...? Sasha said she moved Orla and the skull rock... ...and I believe her. So could it be possible that she moved the body herself without being aware of it?!)
(Do I have an objection to the claim that the defendant moved the body?)
The defense has an objection!
Er... well... My objection is... (I can't admit I hadn't thought of one...)
...Yes, Your Honor.
(There are no inconsistencies in Prosecutor Blackquill's claim itself. But the only things Sasha moved are Orla and the skull rock. So that must mean... Sasha moved the body without realizing it...) ...I admit, I don't see any problems with Prosecutor Blackquill's claim per se...
I have............ no objections.
Ms. Buckler must have been the one who moved the body...
...No. I'm simply conceding that she was the only one who could have moved the body. However, I contend Ms. Buckler was not aware that is what she was doing. The culprit made her move it, unbeknownst to her!
(The body was found in the orca pool. It must have been moved there somehow. I might find some kind of hint in the things she moved with the stretcher!) The culprit made Ms. Buckler move the body along with this piece of evidence!


It might seem surprising, but it's true.
(Oops. Looks like I got it wrong. The only two things Sasha moved are Orla and the skull rock. Why was Orla ramming the skull rock? There must be an answer that explains everything!) Your Honor! Please let me give that another try!
Ms. Buckler told me yesterday that she moved the skull rock when she was cleaning. The only two things Ms. Buckler moved to the orca pool are Orla and the skull rock. I would like to suggest that the victim's body may have been inside the skull rock!
Hidden inside the rock, the body could have been moved to the orca pool with the hoist. At the show stage, Marlon Rimes loaded up the skull rock, with the body inside... ...and then he used the walkie-talkie to let Ms. Buckler know the rock was loaded. Ms. Buckler operated the hoist from the orca pool room and moved the stretcher! She moved the rock without knowing the body was inside!
The Swashbuckler flyer indicates it could be possible. Please focus on the question at the bottom left.
What's more, if the body was inside the skull rock... ...it explains the remaining unanswered questions.
Please take a look at the security footage of the scene Ms. DePlume witnessed. Where did the body that Ms. DePlume saw come from? Please recall... What was Orla doing to the skull rock at this time? She was head-butting it.
That's right. Orla's ramming released the body from the skull rock! The body had been placed inside the skull rock and moved there from the show stage. I assert that the real murder scene was, in fact, the show stage pool!

It's easy enough to verify what I say. Take a look inside the skull rock for yourself! You should find some kind of proof that the body was there. Blood, fibers, hair...
Whew! That was a close one! (Did you really have to add that last bit?)
It is, naturally, the person who was at the show stage.
Mr. Rimes... Weren't you the one who loaded the skull rock onto the stretcher at the show stage?
(What? He's admitting it that easily?!)
(So it was Mr. Rimes's idea to hide the body in the skull rock? But if Mr. Rimes is the culprit, why would he protect Sasha? False charges against Sasha would mean he himself would escape suspicion. So why...?)
Athena! Do you mean... you heard something?!
So that means, somewhere in his testimony, there's an inconsistency in his emotions... All right, Athena! Give him a good counseling session!
What are you getting, Athena?
Out-of-control emotions...? Is that going to be a problem?
All right. Let's probe the cause of his out-of-control emotions, then!
Great! All right. I'll get started comparing the statements with the images.

Mr. Rimes, you're angry with Orla, aren't you?
(Do I have proof that Mr. Rimes has a reason to be mad...?)
I've got your proof right here! Uh, somewhere... I'm just not sure where at the moment...
Um, no, thanks. Maybe some other time... (Well, THIS isn't working... If I can't uncover the reason for his anger, I'd better think of a new approach.)
I'm afraid I don't have any proof. (I'd better think of a different approach.)


Mr. Rimes, you're angry with Orla, aren't you?
(Do I have proof that Mr. Rimes has a reason to be mad...?)
I've got your proof right here! Uh, somewhere... I'm just not sure where at the moment...
Um, no, thanks. Maybe some other time... (Well, THIS isn't working... If I can't uncover the reason for his anger, I'd better think of a new approach.)
I'm afraid I don't have any proof. (I'd better think of a different approach.)
What could be the cause of his out-of-control sadness and anger?
Hey, good point! That just doesn't fit.
I doubt there were any spectators there at the show stage when the owner died. If there had been, those witnesses would've told us the true crime scene right away!
I wonder why he would make that mistake, saying spectators were there? How strange.
(A situation where an orca killed somebody and there were spectators there...? Hey! I think I know why he's mixing up his memories... The reason why Mr. Rimes mixed up his memories is...)


Could this be the reason Mr. Rimes mixed up his memories?
No? (Ouch. She dismissed that pretty fast.)
(When it comes to psychology, I can really count on Athena! Hmm. An orca attacking somebody in front of spectators... Hey! I think I've got it now!)
Mr. Rimes, I think I know what happened. Could you have been mixing up what happened a year ago with this incident? Maybe that's why you slipped and said the owner was killed in front of spectators?
Hmm. There IS one piece that comes to mind that might explain his sadness...


This piece of evidence makes it clear why the witness feels great sadness!
And what feeling might that be?
Gak! (Looks like I made a mistake there... I have to find some evidence that connects Mr. Rimes to the incident a year ago!)
Azura Summers died an accidental death one year ago. This is her boyfriend's charm.
It was found in Rifle's stomach yesterday. Judging by your reaction, I believe this charm belongs to you?
I guess I need to push him just a little harder to make him admit it.
Good idea. Let's look inside it. ...Huh? What's this? A photograph...? H-Hey, this is... ...Azura Summers and Marlon Rimes!
You believe you saw the orca kill your girlfriend. That's the cause of your sadness. Isn't that emotion of yours connected to the current case?
I don't know yet...



So what's the cause of Mr. Rimes's intense anger?
Mr. Rimes, you're angry with Orla, aren't you?
(Do I have proof that Mr. Rimes has a reason to be mad...?)
Hmm... Maybe you don't have a reason to be angry at Orla.
(I'd better take a look at the evidence again and see if anything is connected to Rimes.)
(I bet that evidence we just took a look at would come in handy here.) This charm indicates that you were Azura Summers's boyfriend. I'm sure you believe Orla killed your girlfriend a year ago. You lost your girlfriend, and so you've been angry at Orla!
Ack! (He's right...)

When Ms. DePlume witnessed the orca finding the body, you "freaked"? Really?
With Ms. DePlume as a witness, Orla was guaranteed to be accused of the murder. Didn't it work out exactly as you'd hoped? In order to have Orla put down, you made sure Ms. DePlume witnessed that scene!
H-He looks like a completely different person!
(Even Prosecutor Blackquill is at a loss for words...)
So you admit it? You deliberately framed Orla?!
Gah! (I-I don't have a response to that...!)
(............Wait a minute... If killing Mr. Shipley doesn't make sense, who would it make sense for Rimes to kill? Maybe... my theory has been all wrong...) Your Honor! I think I just became aware of a new fact.
(Now that we know about Mr. Rimes's intense hatred of Orla... ...it turns the premise we've been arguing under on its ear!) I will now reveal the identity of the individual Mr. Rimes meant to kill from the start!


This is the one the witness meant to kill from the start!
Well, because... Hmm. One can only wonder.
I-I apologize, Your Honor... I'll do better next time. (Who did Mr. Rimes bear a grudge against? There's only one answer!)
Exactly. The witness's intended victim was not Jack Shipley. From the start, it was all a scheme to kill Orla!
............ (Hmm. He's right... He wanted to kill the orca, and yet it was Jack Shipley who fell to his death. How did that happen? ...Wait a minute...! What if...? What if Mr. Rimes wanting to kill Orla was somehow connected to Mr. Shipley's death?)

They aren't reckless words! The basis for my claim is at the real murder scene... the show pool!
It's my contention that two incidents happened at the show pool. The attempted murder of the orca, and the victim falling to his death. First of all, in order to kill the orca, Mr. Rimes removed something from the scene. And, by so doing, he made it possible for Mr. Shipley to fall to his death.


(Ouch. That remark was as salty as sea water... But wait a minute... Orla is a creature of the sea... And how would one kill a sea creature...? So THAT'S the answer!)
That's exactly what I'm claiming. To help the defendant with the cleaning, Marlon Rimes took charge of Orla... ...with the plan to kill Orla in the show pool! And because the pool water was drained... ...it made it possible for Jack Shipley to fall to his death in the show pool!

You claim you were looking after Orla in the early morning hours of July 20th... ...but I don't think you were doing a very good job of it. After all, Orla wasn't given anything to eat during that time.
I know because of Orla's record here in the TORPEDO data system. This system continuously records data on the subjects it monitors. From Orla's record, we can tell exactly when she ate... or didn't eat.
Only a few of the Shipshape Aquarium staff know about this system. According to Orla's record, she never ate in those early morning hours of the 20th. You planned to kill Orla, and that's why you didn't feed her!
(Ack, he's right. I don't have any proof...)
(Her fish? Good question. Where did it disappear to?)

But wait! It may seem like a small inconsistency... ...but it's an issue of great importance. (I think.)
(How could the fish disappear? Somebody must have eaten it... So who came to the show stage and ate Orla's fish? I think I might have a pretty good idea...) I believe there must have been a visitor to the show stage that Mr. Rimes didn't notice.
I don't plan to utter any "careless" remarks. (Whether my remarks will actually be related to the case or not, I don't yet know...)
(Somehow, Orla's fish disappeared... Somebody must've visited the show stage, but who?) This was the visitor to the show stage!
I believe that Sasha Buckler visited the show stage!
The fact that Orla's fish disappeared. Ms. Buckler must have eaten up all of the fish meant for Orla!
I believe it could be a possibility!
(How did Orla's fish disappear? I'd better think about it a little more.)
I believe Dr. Crab visited the show stage!
The fact that Orla's fish disappeared. He most likely decided to feed Orla some fresher fish... ...and took the old fish away somewhere.
Where...? Yes. Hmm. Good question.
(How did Orla's fish disappear? I'd better think about it a little more.)
I believe Rifle the penguin visited the show stage!
(The bottom of Rifle's feet were pink for some reason... That fact is a clue that Rifle was indeed at the show stage. I have to present that piece of evidence that connects Rifle to the show stage!) Now to prove I'm a lawyer worth my salt! This is the proof that Rifle visited the show stage!


(The bottom of Rifle's feet were pink for some reason... That fact is a clue that Rifle was indeed at the show stage. I have to present that evidence that connects Rifle to the show stage!) ...I promise to present some much more credible evidence this time, Your Honor!
These stars are actually starfish. Ms. Buckler painted this sign. In the early morning hours of the 20th, she left this sign at the show stage to dry. Mr. Rimes kept an eye on the sign for Ms. Buckler while the paint was drying.
On this sign... ...is proof that Rifle visited the show stage.


It might prove it, but then, on the other hand, it might not. No one can say for sure!
I do. If you take a good look, you'll see the marks of her passage. And if you check out Rifle's data in the court record, you'll get another clue.
A couple of the pink starfish are shaped a little differently from the others.
Rifle had pink paint on the bottom of her feet. These little leaf-like shapes on this sign are actually Rifle's footprints. Rifle made these footprints by walking on the sign before it was dry!
Marlon Rimes was watching over this sign at the show stage while the paint dried. And during that time, the penguin paid a visit. According to the TORPEDO data system... ...we know that Rifle ate something that morning of the 20th. Most likely, Rifle ate the fish meant for Orla that was at the show stage. Orla's snack was a small quantity of fish. Even a penguin could have eaten it all.
(Both Mr. Rimes and Rifle were at the show stage, but Mr. Rimes didn't see her. So where could Mr. Rimes have been at the time?)
(If I leave it to Prosecutor Blackquill, Sasha will be declared guilty. I can't let him interrupt this line of reasoning!)
Mr. Rimes was at the show stage, keeping an eye on Orla and the sign.
And then Rifle came in and walked over the sign...
Well, let's think about where Mr. Rimes could have been... Is there a place in the show stage area from which Rifle couldn't have been seen?


Hmm. Now that you mention it, maybe you're right.
Okay, I'll do my best. (Um, what's with the "imagine" part?) Okay, let me try to figure out where Mr. Rimes must have been.
No, not underwater. (When I think about what he was trying to do, the answer is clear. Now I'm finally starting to get the whole picture!)

Oh, I don't know about that. The fact that Mr. Rimes didn't notice Rifle is such a small inconsistency... ...but it's a key point that proves what Mr. Rimes was trying to do.
The show stage pool is very deep. If Rifle came to visit while Mr. Rimes was at the bottom of this pool... ...he would have never noticed Rifle!
Orcas can be out of the water for a short time without sustaining damage. But if they're out of the water for a long time, they weaken and eventually die. In order to kill Orla, Mr. Rimes had to drain the pool. And while the pool was drained of water, Mr. Shipley fell to his death. The show stage pool is about 65 feet deep, just like the orca pool. Without water in the pool, a person could be made to fall 65 feet.
Mr. Rimes probably wondered what to do. If he continued with his plan to kill Orla, how would he dispose of Mr. Shipley's body? So he devised a plan to kill two birds with one stone.
Mr. Rimes went down to the bottom of the pool and put the victim's body in the rock. He then had Ms. Buckler move the rock and the body together.
That's right. Mr. Shipley told Ms. Buckler that she couldn't perform in the new show. Ms. Buckler became upset, and wanted to switch back to the old version of the show. So Mr. Rimes conveniently suggested that she take and hide a prop for the new show. Mr. Rimes then manipulated Orla, using her singing and lifesaver tricks. He schemed to have Orla find the body while Ms. DePlume would be standing witness. He saddled Orla with the false charge of murder so that Orla would be put down!
...Shows that when Rifle visited the show stage, Rimes was putting the body in the rock. At the bottom of the pool, that is.
(It's working! Just a little further now and Sasha will be proven not guilty!)
............Ugh...
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!
(Rimes had to have manipulated Orla in order for his plan to work. But how can I prove it?)
A-Athena?
............! (She's right. Why would I become a lawyer again, only to give up? I have to keep fighting!) Athena, thank you. With your help, I've remembered the old "Wright way."
Your Honor! I'm not finished with presenting my argument!

All the witness...? Hmm. I don't think so. I haven't cross-examined the most important one, the central figure in both cases.
(The one involved in not only the case a year ago, but this current case, too... I've never called her as a witness, but it's time to do so now!)


AAAAAAAAAAAAGH!
(Gah...! But there's no way I can give up now! There's one figure at the heart of both the case a year ago and this recent case... Even if this individual can't speak, she can still help me!)
The defense calls the central figure in both cases... Orla the orca!

Orla is intricately involved in this case. I have every right to cross-examine her! Besides, even if she can't speak, I think cross-examining her will be invaluable!
............I'm ready and confident.
That's right. Now it's Orla's turn to help us save Sasha!
Well, she's the only one who knows all the answers, after all. I just talked to Pearls, and she said Orla seems to be feeling fine. Now we have to try and figure out how Mr. Rimes manipulated Orla.
(And I can't forget about that strange set of prints of Rimes's, either...)
A d-declaration of war...?
Dr. Crab...
(...She was holding her chest...? Wait a minute... Could it be...?) ...I don't think Orla was to blame for the incident a year ago, either.
I think the cause of Ms. Summers's death might have been... ...her heart condition.
Ms. Summers had a prescription with Hickfield Clinic for a heart condition. The orca didn't kill her. I think it's possible her heart condition did!
It's just a theory, but... I think the orca head-butted Azura to check on her... ...and then did the lifesaver trick to rescue her.
So... you really did intend to put Orla down...?
(Yeah... I've been wondering about that...) Dr. Crab... About this capsule... It's not a poison, but a sleeping drug, right...?
(She seems pretty disturbed to be wrong...)
Marlon Rimes...?
...Why did you decide to tell us this?
(That woman really is a free spirit.)
I remember. It's my duty as a lawyer.
The orca's song, huh...? (What could he be hinting at?)
All right. Let's go back in.
(...I distinctly remember you being afraid of her on several occasions...)
I intend to have the young lady there with Orla help me.
Yes, that's Pearl Fey, my old friend.
(How is this my fault?)
Yes, Your Honor?
Well, she is a key witness for the defense, after all, sir.
(Yes! He's given me the go-ahead.) I'd now like to put the witness and Mr. Rimes together to see how he manipulated the orca. (Hopefully, Orla will have some kind of reaction...)
I guess I shouldn't have expected it to be easy... Hmm. How DID he manipulate her...?
............Yes. I realize that. (This is my last chance. I have to figure out how Rimes commanded Orla to do her tricks!)

Ms. Shipley! I'm afraid "Fweet fweet fweet" is not going to get us anywhere!
...I do. Ms. Shipley, please continue with your testimony.


Could you interpret that for the court, Ms. Cykes?
Hey, speaking from experience, anything is better than forty lashes from a whip...


Um... instead of impersonating a one-orca band, could you show us the lifesaver trick?
(Meh. Neither one should quit their day job.) Please continue your testimony, Ms. Shipley.


Hmm. Ms. Shipley seems to want to communicate something...
Ms. Fey, could you give Ms. Shipley a snack?
...Wow. Your granddaughter must have a pretty large pet...

If I could actually communicate with Orla, this case would be solved in an instant.
(How did Mr. Rimes make Orla do those tricks...? We have to find the answer somehow!)
(It sounds like Prosecutor Blackquill is about to blow his top... What should I do? Should I continue the cross-examination?)
But I'm not finished with my cross-examination!
Y-Yes, Your Honor... But I'm not really sure how to continue, to tell the truth...
Hmm. Do we have anything in evidence he could've used...? (With Orla, it's not like I can present evidence that contradicts a particular statement... Guess it doesn't matter which statement... Hmm. What could be used to command Orla?)
I'm done playing games! I will now explain how Orla was manipulated by Mr. Rimes! (In order to respond to a command, Orla needs to hear the sound of a whistle. But Mr. Rimes isn't a trainer. I doubt he'd know how to give the signals himself. So that means... he must've had help! So how did Mr. Rimes issue commands to Orla...?)


(Rimes isn't a trainer. I doubt he'd know how to give Orla signals with a whistle himself. So that means... he must've had help! I'd better rethink this...)
(Sasha told me an interesting story about Ms. Summers...)
(Most likely, Mr. Rimes still has these videos of Ms. Summers.) ...Ms. Fey, could I ask for your help?
You're using Mr. Rimes's TV phone, correct? I'd like you to examine it for me. Please look for videos of Azura Summers issuing whistle commands to Orla.
You'll see in a moment. (If Pearls can find those videos for me!)
You did? Thank you, Ms. Fey! (Just as I suspected!) How did Marlon Rimes get Orla to do those tricks? I will now show you... ...with Mr. Rimes's cell phone!
Ms. Fey, see if you can issue Orla a command.
You might be able to, if you play a video with a whistle signal in it. If there's a video of the lifesaver trick , please play that. Before you do, though, please put the practice dummy in the pool.
Thank you, Ms. Fey. You were a big help. (Now I have proof!)
No, Your Honor. I'll explain after we try one more trick. Now let's see if we can command Orla to do the singing trick. ...Ms. Fey. If there's a video of the singing trick, please play that.
Marlon Rimes has something on his phone that his girlfriend, Azura Summers, sent him. They're videos of Ms. Summers issuing commands to Orla with a whistle. If they have Orla listen to the sounds of the signals, anyone at all could command Orla!
Yes, I believe so, Your Honor. All they would have to do is play those videos.
(I'm getting the sneaking suspicion the judge just wants to try it out for himself...) Ms. Fey, could you send those videos to the TV phone here?
(So this was a training session a year ago, huh? But wait a minute... There's something about that song that bothers me...)
Mr. Rimes! You can't talk your way out of it now!
(So he's trying to argue it was equally possible for Sasha as it was for Rimes, is he? But is that true? Let me think about that for a minute...)
(The culprit made sure Ms. DePlume heard the song and saw the lifesaver trick. Could Sasha have shown these two tricks to the witness?)
As Prosecutor Blackquill said... Ms. Buckler could have shown these tricks as well.
............Huh?
...W-Wait! Can I take that back?! Please let me have a do-over!
(...But hold on. Could Sasha really have created those exact same conditions?) But, come to think of it, I doubt Ms. Buckler could have produced those exact conditions.
No, I don't think Ms. Buckler could have created the same conditions as the culprit.
(Don't you worry... My sword is drawn and ready! My sword is... evidence that the two tricks couldn't have been shown at the same time!)


(...Maybe if I just don't say anything, it'll all work out somehow...)
............
(Well, I guess it didn't "all work out somehow"... Ms. DePlume said she saw these two tricks at the same time. But didn't I have a piece of evidence that contradicts that possibility? I think my sword is finally ready now...)
Ms. DePlume said in her testimony that she witnessed these two tricks at the same time. However, that fact is inconsistent with how Orla performs tricks.
Orla can't perform two tricks at once. She performs only one trick per whistle signal. That's how she's been trained.
Yes, that's the idea, Your Honor. (I wonder if the judge has a dog?)
............ Yes, it's a mystery, isn't it?
Um... no, thank you!
Was Ms. DePlume lying...? Or is it not true that Orla can't do two tricks at a time..?
If it really is impossible for Orla to perform two tricks at once... ...then maybe either the lifesaver trick or the singing trick was... faked?
Yes. Maybe Orla only performed one of the tricks... ...but it was made to look like she performed two!
(Sounds like I'd better present some evidence here, and fast.)
The lifesaver trick was faked!
............Gah.
(But Sasha said that Orla couldn't perform two tricks at once. If the lifesaver trick is clearly shown on the security footage... ...then that means...)
Surprisingly enough, they were BOTH faked!
...What? Oh, um, she was performing some other trick!
(Orla was obviously performing some kind of trick. But which of the two was faked, the lifesaver trick, or the singing trick?)
The defense wishes to argue that the singing trick was faked.


No, Your Honor. This piece of evidence will not prove that. In other words... this piece of evidence is... a fake-out! And if this evidence is a fake-out, then the singing trick was a fake-out as well!
Momentum is key at times like these.
(I'm still confident it was the singing trick that was faked. Wasn't somebody looking at something and saying the songs were different...?)
This is a recording of a recent Swashbuckler Spectacular. In this recording, Orla sings the same song she sang for Ms. Fey earlier. But Ms. DePlume said this song is different from the one sang a year ago.
Please listen to the song in the video from a year ago, sent to this cell phone.
And yet, this is the same video Ms. Fey used to issue the command to Orla to sing. By having Ms. DePlume listen to the song recorded in the cell phone video... ...the true culprit made Ms. DePlume think Orla was singing the song from a year ago! Only Marlon Rimes, the owner of the cell phone videos, could have done this!
...I intend to explain that, too, of course.
The answer lies somewhere in the orca pool visitor's corridor. Marlon Rimes played the song recording by using this!


Well... he could have used it with some kind of... thing, and played it... somehow...
(So where DID he play the song recording from...? There's only one answer...) Prosecutor Blackquill! This time, I'll explain how the song recording was played properly.
Ms. DePlume heard the song while she was in the orca pool visitor's corridor. There's a speaker in that corridor, so that visitors can hear the orca's sounds.
(Here's how Rimes played the song over the speaker in the visitor's corridor!)


Do I really have to explain? This piece of evidence is actually a microphone. Testing! One, two, three... Testing!
............ I guess the test failed...
(Think, Phoenix! You can do this! What do I have in evidence that could play a song over a speaker...?)
Mr. Rimes could broadcast the song in the video to the speaker by using a walkie-talkie! And he could get Orla to do a trick by letting her hear Ms. Summers's whistle signal, too. He played the singing through the speaker, and he made Orla do the lifesaver trick. All of this was the doing of the true culprit--Marlon Rimes!
This is what you did, isn't it... Mr. Rimes?!
I don't remember agreeing to that name...
Mr. Rimes. The time has come for you to tell the court the truth!
W-What do you mean, "impossible"?
Broken...? Of all the flimsy excuses! ("Bilge-suckin'"? That was uncalled for...)
(Ugh... After everything we've uncovered, he still won't admit it! Somehow, I have to prove that he still could have done it!)

Mr. Rimes, are you sure it was YOUR walkie-talkie that was broken?
(I'll never save Sasha this way... I have to figure out how he got a command to Orla!)

Are you SURE it was your walkie-talkie? You could have stolen a broken walkie-talkie from somebody else.
...All right. This evidence tells who you stole the walkie-talkie from!


This evidence tells the truth about this walkie-talkie!
............I guess you're right.
(Wasn't there somebody involved in the case who lost their walkie-talkie...? I'd better take a look at the evidence again.)

The walkie-talkie that the witness brought with him to court today... ...maybe have been stolen from the victim, Mr. Jack Shipley. Rimes:

Do you have some way of proving that statement?
Ngh!
...Let's get him back with evidence instead, shall we? No singing.

You made a big blunder? What happened?
(If his walkie-talkie was broken, it throws a monkey wrench into my whole theory. When he let Pearls borrow his cell phone so casually yesterday... ...he must've already been confident I wouldn't be able to prove anything!)
Your Honor, I would like to examine that walkie-talkie, if you don't mind!
Let's see if there's any way to tell when the walkie-talkie was broken.
[Tap and slide on the bottom screen to rotate the evidence. / Slide the screen to rotate the evidence.] Tap again if you notice anything of interest.
A walkie-talkie shaped like a sword... Pretty clever. But I don't see anything odd.
Darn. It IS broken. It doesn't seem to work... ...Wonder what would happen if I thump it?
Hey, you're right. A bite this big... I wonder if it was Orla?
(Nothing of particular interest here. Guess I'll check out another spot.)
(Wait... A walkie-talkie... with tooth marks...? Didn't we hear a story like that just yesterday?)
(Rimes said this walkie talkie was his... but could it be...?)
...I can't do that. Now that I'm finally a lawyer again... ...how could I hold my head up if I made my client so miserable?

You made a big blunder? What happened?
I think these tooth marks change the meaning of another piece of evidence... (I won't stop until I find the clue I need to save both Sasha and Orla! I have to uncover the truth about this walkie-talkie!)

There could've been some other way besides the walkie-talkie to issue the command!

No, that's not what I'm saying! Some other way, besides the whistle...
(Uh... I believe you've already been doing that...)
Yeah, it's all pretty convenient for him, I have to say. All we can do is stay calm and keep pressing him for as much as we can. Maybe we'll find a place we can break through somewhere.
Oh, I don't know about that... His statements might not have changed, but the meaning of one of them may have...
(And that one statement just might be the breakthrough we need!)
According to the defendant's statement... ...Mr. Shipley talked to her on his walkie-talkie before his death. However, no walkie-talkie was found near the victim's body.
...I'm not so sure that's true. The victim fell to his death. It's quite possible his walkie-talkie broke in the fall. You stole the walkie-talkie after the victim's death, didn't you, Mr. Rimes?
Certainly, I plan on doing just that. Please look at these tooth marks here on the walkie-talkie.
The victim's walkie-talkie... ...was a keepsake that used to belong to Azura Summers, who died a year ago. These tooth marks were left by Orla when she carried Ms. Summers in her mouth.
And that's not all, Your Honor. The only one who could have taken the victim's walkie-talkie is the culprit himself!
The fact that Marlon Rimes had the victim's walkie-talkie... ...is proof that he murdered Jack Shipley!
(What?! He still won't admit defeat?!)
Then how do you explain the tooth marks on it?!
What...?! Are those really scars from being bitten by Orla?!
(I can't let him run this show! I have to find a way to prove the walkie-talkie belonged to the victim!)
(This man had everything worked out before he even took the stand! But I won't give up. There has to be a way!)
Funny? Funny, how?
(Hmm. The only other ones I remember are the ones on the practice dummy.)
...Right now, we need to consider every possibility we can, no matter how small. (If I can figure out what's different about the bite marks... ...maybe I can somehow prove Rimes's walkie-talkie actually belonged to the victim. Think, Phoenix! You can turn everything around, right here and now!)
Time to review the facts we have so far. With the intent of killing Orla, Rimes drained the show stage pool. But Rimes failed to kill Orla, and, instead, he tried to pin Shipley's murder on Orla. In order to manipulate Orla, Rimes must have used a cell phone and a walkie-talkie. But the walkie-talkie Rimes has is broken. I think it's the victim's walkie-talkie, the one he kept as a memento of Azura Summers. I have to find a way to prove that it is indeed the victim's walkie-talkie! Which piece
No... Rimes said he wiped away any prints on the walkie-talkie... I doubt I'd find as much as a tiny fish scale on that thing. But I think the scales are starting to fall from my eyes, though! I think I'll give it another try.
We have two pieces of evidence with tooth marks: the walkie-talkie and the dummy. What's striking about these two pieces of evidence?
They both have a similar yellow color... but I doubt that has anything to do with the case. Hmm. Maybe I'm starting to notice yellow more because of Athena...? I'd better refocus my attention.
When I look closely, I see two different bite mark patterns... Hmm. Two variations, huh? Wasn't there a trick of Orla's that had two different variations as well?
Wait... I don't think that's right. I think there was only one lifesaver trick... At this point, I kind of wish Orla knew a trick that could save me... But enough whining. Time to get back to work!
A year ago, the orca's song and teeth marks were different from what they are now. What could be the cause of these two inconsistencies? What's behind the fact that the orca's tooth marks and song were different from a year ago?
Even if new teeth grew in, that still wouldn't explain why the song was different. That would be like my voice changing the second I lost my baby teeth... I'd better go back to the drawing board.
No. If she learned a new song, that would go against the basis for my whole theory. Orla can only sing one song. I can't start second-guessing everything now. I guess I need to think about this some more.
I'm beginning to think... there are two different orcas: the one a year ago, and Orla now. And if the orca a year ago wasn't Orla... ...it means the bite mark on the walkie-talkie isn't Orla's, like Rimes said it was. Now I can finally prove the walkie-talkie belongs to the victim!
I-I just realized something... astonishing, Your Honor...
(Your rudeness is what's astonishing Prosecutor Blackquill...)
Until just now, I thought the orca at Shipshape Aquarium a year ago, and Orla... ...were the same orca. However, two inconsistencies led me to a new fact. And that fact is... that there might be two Ora Shipleys!
The orca's show song a year ago and the one now are different. I believe it's because the orca a year ago was a different orca. Two different orcas; two different songs. It explains the show song contradiction!
I'm talking about the truth--truth that will finally catch you out in your lies. You claimed that the tooth marks on the walkie-talkie were Orla's but that's not true. The two different bite mark patterns on the walkie-talkie and on the dummy proves this.
...All right. I will show you conclusive evidence, then. (So he wants to see evidence other than the bite mark patterns, does he? The orca a year ago and Orla have different songs and different teeth. Don't I have two videos on hand that can be used to compare those differences...?) I will now submit two videos with which the different songs and teeth can be compared!

And here is the other...


Of course they won't. That's because... I submitted the wrong evidence!
(I have to show evidence other than the bite marks to prove they're two different orcas!)
Please compare these two videos, one from a year ago, and one recent. As discussed, the two orcas are singing two different songs. Please also pay special attention to the appearance of the two orcas' teeth!
Let's look for shots in the two videos where the orcas' teeth are shown. This is Orla in the recent video of the Swashbuckler Spectacular pirate show. As you can see, she has all of her teeth.
Next, let's take a look at the TV phone video from a year ago. (Just as I thought! Their teeth are different!)
As you can see, the orca from a year ago has one tooth that's broken off.
Yes. If the teeth are different, they of course leave different bite mark patterns! On the practice dummy, you can see Orla's uniform pattern, with all teeth intact. And on the walkie-talkie, you can see that one tooth is missing from the pattern.
The tooth marks on the walkie-talkie were not made by the orca we know as Orla! They were made a year ago by a different orca!
The statement that the tooth marks on the walkie-talkie were from Orla was a lie. The truth is... this walkie-talkie was stolen from the victim, Jack Shipley! And the only person who could have stolen it is... the true culprit, Marlon Rimes!
The secret that Shipshape Aquarium was hiding was about Orla, wasn't it? Dr. Crab told me to focus on the orca's song. He hinted it would be a clue.
Tell me, Mr. Rimes. Did you plan on killing Orla from the start?
Report from the crime lab?
His... handprint?
(A handprint made during a struggle...?)
(Sasha's "not guilty" verdict is coming... Why do I still have this nagging feeling? Rimes's handprint on the victim's right wrist... Was it really the result of a deadly struggle over the orca? I can't shake the feeling... that handprint has some other, hidden meaning... Is this trial going to end without revealing the whole truth...?)

Your Honor, please hold off on that verdict!
I would like to further explore this new evidence the prosecution just submitted!
Your Honor, we still don't know the entire truth of this case! This unnatural handprint Mr. Rimes left on the victim's right wrist... ...I don't think it was a result of a fight between the two men.
Do you remember that evidence we found at the show stage?
That mysterious mark might be the key to understanding the whole case. Your Honor! The defense would like to submit evidence that will expose the truth of this case! A mysterious piece of evidence that pairs with Mr. Rimes's unnatural handprint!


...Pardon me, Your Honor. In my excitement, I'm afraid I made a mistake. (Rimes left an unnatural handprint on the victim's right wrist... ...and I have another piece of "unnatural" evidence that has to do with Rimes!) This time, I promise I will submit evidence that will expose the truth of this case!
Marlon Rimes left behind a very unusual set of fingerprints at the show stage.
They were right-hand prints on the left side of the ladder. If one were to grasp the ladder in the same way as the prints, it would look like this.
Exactly, Your Honor. And the handprint on the victim's right wrist shows it was held by a powerful grip. Marlon Rimes grasped the show stage ladder in an unnatural pose. If he was gripping the victim's wrist in this position...
...That's right. If we couple the unnatural handprint with the mysterious fingerprints... ...we see that Marlon Rimes was trying to save the victim's life!
Why don't we ask Mr. Rimes himself?
Mr. Rimes, we want to hear the truth directly from you.
...Mr. Rimes, you have the wrong idea about Ms. Summers' death. Not even the first Ora Shipley was responsible for her dying. Ora--of her own accord--was trying to save Ms. Summers's life.
Azura Summers suffered from a heart condition. But she didn't tell anyone, and she performed in the pirate show anyway. She had a heart attack and died before anyone could save her. I'm sure she didn't think Ora attacked her. There's nothing to "avenge."
You still have a lot to offer, Mr. Rimes. Live your life and never give up... for the sake of those who are gone, as well!
(Is that praise... or a diss...?)
Thank you for all your help today, Pearls.
I'm sorry, Dr. Crab.
(It was kind of hard to tell...)
Wow. Go, Ms. DePlume. (She sure is a powerhouse.)
Oh, you mean, "Meet the captain at the orca pool at 7 am"?
What? Why were you supposed to meet there?
Um, to get dolphin therapy treatment...?
What?! You mean...?!
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?! Oh! So that talk about large amounts of money you were paying them...
Oh, nothing much.
Ha ha ha. All right. Fine. (Let's see... What can I give her?)


Huh? I don't think she liked it...
(Oh! She wants a snack, huh?)
Orla, it's coming a day late... but congratulations on your verdict!
Aaaaaaaaagh!
And so the curtain fell on my first trial in years... I'm looking forward to the comeback of Sasha and Orla's Swashbuckler Spectacular. After all, I made a comeback of my own... as a lawyer.
(It's been a while since I visited Shipshape Aquarium. Now that Sasha has recovered from her illness, she's performing today. There's still some time before the show starts... Think I'll wander around a bit.)
Oh, I'm sure I'll enjoy-- Wait a minute... Did you say "orcas," as in, plural?
What?! Two Orlas? Don't tell me...!
(...Well, I don't want to get in the way of their rehearsal... Guess I'd better go.)
Oh, Ms. DePlume. There's a book signing?
(Gee, Dr. Crab gets all the ladies... I guess I'll leave him to it... Oops. It's almost time for the show.)
Sorry to keep you waiting... I bet they'll love your souvenirs back home, Pearls.
A certain someone? (I wonder who it could be?)
All right. Let's go to the show stage, then.
You'd better not. I think they'd call security.
Huh? Who have you got playing Redstache's role?
Hey, I know that voice!
And so, our pirates set sail for bluer seas under a sunnier sky. As for me... I set foot into the world of law once more as a full-time lawyer.

This piece of evidence clearly exposes the witness's lie!
(I'm definitely losing the judge's confidence in me here...)

Your Honor! What is your opinion on the witness's statement just now?
Oh... This is my first trial in eight years. It looks like I made a little mistake...
(It's been eight years. Can't he go easy on me?)

That statement is clearly inconsistent with this evidence, Your Honor!
Urk! (I must have the wrong evidence...)
You sensed something wrong with the testimony?
Thanks. That would be a big help! (Then I'll just have to compare the evidence with the statement she shows me!)
Press for more information? I think you're right.
(I'll put my faith in Athena and press on that statement, then!)

What could be the cause of his out-of-control sadness and anger?
Hey, good point! That just doesn't fit.

So what's the cause of Mr. Rimes's intense anger?

When we view your emotions alongside your testimony, we find the unexpected emotion-- (Wait a minute... There really isn't anything strange here.)
......I think maybe you're right.
Sasha won her "not guilty" verdict... ...but Orla was taken away by Dangerous Animal Control and never seen again.
