Well? What brings you here? I'll warn you... I've been known to be a real stuck-up jerk...
Murder...?
Hmm? That would be my car. What of it?
*mumbles* of Prosecutors...
It's the "King of Prosecutors" trophy.
It's a great honor. They send that shield to the best prosecutor each year. What! So?
Yeah, you got a problem with that? I didn't design the thing!
Please, stop saying that.
Go ahead, say it, Wright. You think I did it, don't you? After you went through all that trouble to help me last year, no less.
Wait... So you're the Chief Prosecutor's little sister, then?
Ah, now I remember. You've... really grown. I'll admit, it was a surprise to me, too. To think that my own car would become
Lana Skye is the Chief Prosecutor... the top prosecutor in the district. She can't prosecute herself, so I'll be the
To be honest... It's a bit of a miracle I'm still here at all.
Rumors. You've heard the rumors about me, haven't you?
Thanks to you, my innocence was established in the trial at the end of last year. However, there are some who say I'm the one
Hmph. Some people need very little excuse to think ill of others. It's a fact of life. Impossible to stop.
Some of them even go so far as to present me with toys like this... They think it's funny.
Chief prosecutor Skye? Yes...We first worked together on a case two years ago. It was my first big case.
Since then, I always felt that she was looking out for me... It appears I was mistaken.
Then... why? Why did she stab someone in the trunk of my car? Not only that... She stabbed him with my knife.
To be specific, it was the knife kept in the toolbox in the trunk of my car.
What?
...
Yesterday was the annual cleaning day at the Prosecutor's Office.
Working with the Police Department, we sort and file all evidence for solved cases. We call it "evidence transferral."
Oh, and another thing... A ceremony was held at the Police Department. There's an annual review and awards for outstanding
I was at the police department yesterday afternoon... I got back here at 5:12.
No, I place little faith in my memory. The only thing I trust is solid evidence.
This is the parking stub from the underground lot.
What, Wright? I'd appreciate it if you'd direct that suspicious glare elsewhere.
I once dreamed of being a defense attorney, a long time ago.
Yet, my path is laid out clearly before me... I have no time to reflect on what might have been.
You can take that foolish grin elsewhere, Wright. I lost a day of work to receive that travesty.
I had to go to the Police Department ceremony to receive that broken shield.
Yes. Right next to the Police Station downtown. You've been there, correct?
What does it matter? I've got more important things to worry about.
Yesterday was a very busy day for the Prosecutor's Office.
It's against my policy to discuss evidence with the defense. Especially with you.
I'm Edgeworth. What is it?
Report? What? Did you find new evidence in the case against Chief Prosecutor Skye!?
...!
I made a clear request to the Police Department, did I not? I need to focus on the trial tomorrow, so don't bring me anything
Give me your name!
Right. Officer Meekins? Take your report and leave. And good luck with that raise next month.
Wright.
As you can see, I'm busy. You may leave now.
The victim was a detective from the same department as that patrolman just now. Go down to the Police Department. You can ask
I'm busy preparing for tomorrow. And I'm not in the mood for idle banter. Especially not with you.
The prosecution has been ready for a while, Your Honor.
I hope that personal feelings will not be a part of the proceedings today, Mr. Wright.
I will choose the path I think is right, regardless of what those around me might say. The judgment to be made here is in our
Chief Prosecutor Lana Skye has committed an unpardonable crime. Not only this, but she was rash enough to commit it in the
However, she will now pay for her rashness with her life. There was a witness to her crime... A "professional" witness!
The prosecution calls its first witness, Ms. Angel Starr, to the stand.
Will the witness state her name and profession?
It is too early for lunch. Your name and profession, please.
Name. Profession. Now.
Very well, witness. Please describe the incident to us.
Until two years ago, Ms. Angel Starr was a special investigator with the police. She was a first-rate homicide detective.
Hmph. As you can see... There is no room for doubt.
The lunchlady's uninformed opinion is duly noted.
...
... Indeed, it was.
Er... this is my first time seeing this photograph.
...!
So, what was the defendant doing at the time?
Er... Ahem, yes, that's about right.
So, the defendant was holding a knife. What then?
...
Objection.
It is you that needs to be more careful, Mr. Wright!*
This photograph was not taken the moment before the stabbing... This was taken the moment AFTER the stabbing!
Well, Mr. Wright? I see no problem here. No problem... except you.
Look at the chief prosecutor's hands in that photograph.
Surgical gloves made of thin rubber, most likely. Why would she have those on?
If it was not premeditated, she would not be wearing those gloves!
...
Objection.
It is you that needs to be more careful, Mr. Wright!*
This photograph was not taken the moment before the stabbing... This was taken the moment AFTER the stabbing!
Well, Mr. Wright? I see no problem here. No problem... except you.
Look at the chief prosecutor's hands in that photograph.
Surgical gloves made of thin rubber, most likely. Why would she have those on?
If it was not premeditated, she would not be wearing those gloves!
The gloves were admitted as evidence when the defendant was arrested! They were rubber gloves, of the kind used for autopsies!
Indeed, it is my knife.
Wright. I believe the next lunch you'll be eating is... humble pie!
I hope you weren't deluding yourself into thinking that the "tide has turned." Not over such a trifling detail!
Bah! The prosecution could care less if it was premeditated or not. The only one who seems to care is that lunchlady over
The defendant, Lana Skye, murdered a detective with a knife. That is the only thing the prosecution need prove. Nothing else.
Witness, please tell us only what you "saw," not what you "thought."
Try not to confuse the defense, witness. They're not very quick on their feet. Now, why did you believe the suspect had
There is no record of a call mad on the defendant, Ms. Lana Skye's phone.
In any case, the victim came to the Prosecutor's Office, where he was murdered.
The suspect had a grudge against Detective Goodman. Will you tell us your basis for thinking this?
Please... Can't you find fault with something of substance, Mr. Wright?
I'm afraid the moss is growing under our feet as we wait, Ms. Starr.
I shouldn't have to explain this... But, take a look. The autopsy report states that death was due to a loss of blood... from
So... You're saying you mistook something... for blood?
However, the autopsy report is clear on this matter. There was only one knife wound.
The witness is clearly not suited for detective work.
The suspect was not wearing a scarf or muffler of any kind when she stabbed the victim. And you've proved it yourself! With
Only a true professional could be so clueless. I'm sure you'll make a good lunchlady, have no fear.
Well now, where were we? The witness has given us an entertaining interlude, now back to business.
I'm sure she means this wall next to the car.
And what did you do then?
She was a "visitor," thus, she was parked in B Block.
So... what you heard wasn't the suspect talking to you, but to someone else?
The witness may continue with her testimony.
Ultimately?
Indeed, the emergency phone was out of order that day.
As the photograph proves, she couldn't have seen it.
But, it's strange...
If she wanted to escape... why didn't she run the other way?
The witness is a former detective. Her testimony is unmarred by personal bias.
...
That's quite a claim, Mr. Wright... perhaps you will allow me a question? Tell us exactly what lie this witness has told the
...
I see no room for doubt here.
Hmph. I see it in your eyes. You haven't learned your lesson, have you?
...
Just when you think he can't sink any lower, he amazes us. I applaud you, Mr. Wright.
Hmph. I see it in your eyes. You haven't learned your lesson, have you?
A different location!? Now that's a pointless lie if I ever heard one!
That would allow her to see the emergency phone, yes... But if she was there... She would have been able to arrest her well
It's "highly likely"?
Her being there wouldn't change a thing!
Indeed, the security room in the underground parking lot is well positioned... It's built on the second level, so you can see
Exactly! This photograph tells all! It was the defendant who stabbed the victim! That truth still stands!
Wh-what!?
My condolences, Mr. Wright... But one look at the floor plans and it's quite clear. The distance between the scene of the
...!
Strange...?
Unfortunately... I appear to have overestimated this witness on account of her professional history...
I prefer to not take the defense team's leftovers. Anything else to say?
Witness, what's the meaning of this? Why is this the first time I've heard of this evidence?
And... you had blood tests performed?
In any case, Your Honor, I can't accept this as evidence!
You should know the two rules of evidence law, Ms. Starr! Rule 1: no evidence shall be shown without the approval of the
...!
Nuh... Ungh!
Then why didn't you just tell the truth!
So, like an ill-trained pooch, you snuck off with a shoe!
...
That ties her directly to the death of Detective Goodman!
Take that finger and point it at your own head, Mr. Wright.
It makes sense. The victim was stabbed with a knife! What could possibly be contradictory about blood on the bottom of his
... I'm guessing your shoe has blood on it too... you just shot yourself in the foot!
This picture only shows part of the floor, so there could have been bloody footprints.
I see... Now I get it!
Our witness is more devious than I gave her credit for! We were hoodwinked to the very end! But she slipped! There is one
Think back to when she told us about apprehending the suspect...
I thought that was a strange thing for the normally cool-headed chief to do.
Now, witness. Allow me to ask a very simple question. This "oil drum"... was it empty?
Still don't get it, Mr. Wright? Do you want to know the reason she knocked it over? The REAL reason?
Yes, the suspect knocked over that oil drum for one reason and one reason alone! To erase the blood stains that would become
Enough. There is no need for further debate. The verdict, Your Honor!
You've reached your verdict, Your Honor! Any further comments will be held in contempt of court!
So, Wright... Are you saying there's a problem with this latest piece of evidence?
What's this...? There's something poking out of the car's muffler!
Your Honor?
... A muffler is also a part on a car or motorcycle, Your Honor. Just think of it as... part of the exhaust system. A pipe...
... I suppose so.
It... can't... be!! This... can't... happen!
Th-this is unacceptable!
Chief! What kind of outfit are you running!?
How could they miss such a vital piece of evidence!? If your investigators are this lax, how do you expect us to do our job?
I've no desire to hear your excuses!
...!
Th-that's no fair! The day of the crime, I-I had...
What? Are you serious!?
...!
Gah...!
This does not excuse the actions of the Police Department! I would like to hear an explanation from the Chief of Police
W-wait a second! You said "5:15"... That's the exact time that Detective Goodman was killed at the Prosecutor's Office!
We've established that the knife in Goodman's chest... was this knife. Now why was there another knife at the scene of the
It was evidence, you say. Was it, in fact, a murder weapon?
So, how were things down at the Department...?
Chief... did something happen? And why haven't I heard?
...!
And the perpetrator? Do you have a suspect?
That's exactly the same as Detective Goodman!
Not to mention the victim had written down the numbers on the knife's evidence tag.
Chief! I request that you release your information on the victim at the Police Department!
...
And this is news?
Just come out with both guns blazing... like you always do.
...
W-wait a second, Wright! What does this...?
Th-that's impossible! So, what we're saying is... The same person was killed at the same time!? And in a completely different
No... what I want to know is... why didn't I hear about this!? Yes, it's top-secret, fine! But I'm the prosecutor in charge of
Your Honor! The Police Department has made a grave error in this case...
...!
Wh-what!? How... how dare...
O-officer... Meekins?
You don't mean... him!?
B-but your officer, he told me! He said that report had nothing to do with the Lana Skye incident!
Gaaaaaaah! Wh-why didn't your officer tell me!?
B-But, sir!!! You could have submitted that report this morning to the court, as evidence! Then, I...
What!?
Rule 2: New evidence may only be submitted if it concerns the case on trial. And how is this relevant!?
...!!
No... Noooooooooooooo!!!
...! I apologize for this terrible lack of due diligence on my part...
Please... Just give me one day. I'll get to the bottom of what happened... If it's the last thing I do!
I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!
Yes, Your Honor. Thank you.
That oil drum... Was it empty?
...!
I know the path I've walked. No one else needs to tell me.
And the perpetrator? Do you have a suspect?
Ah, it's you.
Precisely.
Oh yes... He brought me some information, it seems.
Apparently, a new French restaurant is opening near here. I think he was trying to console me, somehow.
Actually, they decided to treat this not as a case of concealing evidence... But as a communications error during the
Yes. Apparently, there are some who believe... that I concealed evidence. They gave me a warning. "You were lucky this time...
I've heard them say that so many times. Ever since that case two years ago...
Well, I'm still the presiding prosecuting attorney. However...
They gave control of the investigation over to the Police Department.
Yes. Any further investigation for this case will be directed by the Chief of Police Gant. I can do nothing but wait for his
Why, I ask you? Why!? All along, I've done only what I believe is right. I have nothing to be ashamed of! But still...
The SL-9 Incident was a heinous serial killing case. The head of investigation was the Deputy Chief of Police at the time...
He was the best we had, and it was my first time working with him... I was nervous.
In truth, I used slightly more... extreme methods than normal. We were dealing with a vicious murderer. If I let him go, the
Of course not! I didn't touch the evidence. Yes, I will do anything in my power to win a trial. However... I do have a code,
... I know you. You've probably got a hold of some information already, right?
You are the man who revived the worst memory of my life, as I recall. I figured I'd be telling you about this sooner or later.
As I was saying, I... ! What's this? A record of ID card usage?
Yes, that's true.
Please don't look at me like that. I was asked to go. By Chief Gant no less.
He wanted evidence for a case that wrapped up half a year ago. He told me he wanted me to keep it here in the Prosecutor's
The Chief is never one to explain himself. In any case, on the day of the stabbings, I brought this back here.
I... can't say. It really has nothing to do with the current case.
Stubborn as always. I told you this has nothing to do with the current case.
... Wright, please. I'm the prosecutor on this case! You don't expect me to sit here and discuss the case with you over a cup
By the way, Ema. The Chief Prosecutor wanted to know something...
You still working on that scientific investigation?
Luminol testing fluid... Hm? Well then... You might have use for this.
It's been chemically treated for better adhesion.
I've no say in today's investigation... do as you will.
No need to thank me. Here, take your powder and these fingerprint files for everyone involved.
The prosecution is... Hmph.
It takes 30 minutes by car to reach criminal affairs from the Prosecutor's Office. The victim, Bruce Goodman, was slain at
One of my duties as prosecutor is to present impartial evidence. Today I will present evidence relating to the murder at the
For its first witness, the prosecution calls... the suspect of the murder that occurred at the Police Department!
Will the witness please state his name and occupation.
...
Officer Meekins.
Give us your report of the crime. Consider that an order.
Evidence transferal was taking place on the day of the crime, which meant many officers were given special tasks not
Tell us... what did you see when you got there?
Please explain, witness.
According to the report from the officer that woke up the witness, it was about 5:30.
Yes, Your Honor. Only one thing remains unclear. Was the man this officer "murdered," really the victim?
The Chief?
What!? But I specifically asked if there was such a tape, and was told it had been mistakenly erased!
...
What the hell was that wriggling piece of plywood!?
Your Honor... instead of relying on clearly incomplete footage, the witness's testimony will suffice. Is that alright with
Each detective has been given a locker, equipped with a fingerprint-activated lock. These locks ensure that each locker can
Meekins!
Having been shown a questionable video at best, we are not in the best of moods. Now please be more certain when you testify!
You claimed the man who brandished a knife on you was Bruce Goodman. Tell us why you are positive it was him!
Interesting... Your Honor, I have a proposal.
I propose we have the defense... point out to us this alleged "contradiction" in the video.
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Wright... but you seem to have forgotten the point of this exercise.
What you are looking for is one thing and one thing only: Something that indicates the man may not be Detective Goodman.
Just remember one thing, Mr. Wright: Every time you point your finger, someone gets hurt.
Before your eyes get too teary, perhaps you should think this through again, hmm?
Just remember one thing, Mr. Wright: Every time you point your finger, someone gets hurt.
Interesting... Your Honor, I have a proposal.
I propose we have the defense... point out to us this alleged "contradiction" in the video.
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Wright... but you seem to have forgotten the point of this exercise.
What you are looking for is one thing and one thing only: Something that indicates the man may not be Detective Goodman.
Just remember one thing, Mr. Wright: Every time you point your finger, someone gets hurt.
Before your eyes get too teary, perhaps you should think this through again, hmm?
Just remember one thing, Mr. Wright: Every time you point your finger, someone gets hurt.
For the record... the opened locker did indeed belong to Detective Goodman. I verified this information through a more...
Interesting... Your Honor, I have a proposal.
I propose we have the defense... point out to us this alleged "contradiction" in the video.
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Wright... but you seem to have forgotten the point of this exercise.
What you are looking for is one thing and one thing only: Something that indicates the man may not be Detective Goodman.
Just remember one thing, Mr. Wright: Every time you point your finger, someone gets hurt.
Before your eyes get too teary, perhaps you should think this through again, hmm?
Just remember one thing, Mr. Wright: Every time you point your finger, someone gets hurt.
That is... unless the defense can find a problem with it?
I admire your trust in the Police Department Mr. Wright.
Interesting... Your Honor, I have a proposal.
I propose we have the defense... point out to us this alleged "contradiction" in the video.
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Wright... but you seem to have forgotten the point of this exercise.
What you are looking for is one thing and one thing only: Something that indicates the man may not be Detective Goodman.
Just remember one thing, Mr. Wright: Every time you point your finger, someone gets hurt.
Before your eyes get too teary, perhaps you should think this through again, hmm?
Just remember one thing, Mr. Wright: Every time you point your finger, someone gets hurt.
Interesting... Your Honor, I have a proposal.
I propose we have the defense... point out to us this alleged "contradiction" in the video.
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Wright... but you seem to have forgotten the point of this exercise.
What you are looking for is one thing and one thing only: Something that indicates the man may not be Detective Goodman.
Just remember one thing, Mr. Wright: Every time you point your finger, someone gets hurt.
Before your eyes get too teary, perhaps you should think this through again, hmm?
Just remember one thing, Mr. Wright: Every time you point your finger, someone gets hurt.
But the locker locks are controlled by an electronic system. When a door is shut, a sensor is triggered... and the locker is
That's not likely, Your Honor. The sensor would detect and report any malfunction.
It seems yet again you've lost sight of the problem at hand.
The reason the locker was not locked. That is the one and only thing you must point out here, Mr. Wright.
Before your eyes get too teary, perhaps you should think this through again, hmm?
Not only that, it would also have to block electrical currents... It would need to be an insulator.
How about sticking your finger in instead?
!
Do not be misled, Your Honor.
The defense has merely demonstrated that possibility, and nothing more. The "victim" in the video was indeed Bruce Goodman.
Officer Meekins, please testify about this.
...
I have the ID card record right here, Your Honor. The ID used at 5:14... is that of the victim.
This particular evidence room is only used for storing certain special cases.
Extremely violent cases involving police staff.
There were only a few cases up for transferal there, and most were cleared up by noon.
At any rate, each police officer has only one ID card. Both the Police Department and the Prosecutor's Office can attest to
So it is, Your Honor.
I have nothing to be ashamed of regarding my actions, or their consequences. For now, let us continue with the cross
...
Let me guess. You believe this "something" to be his ID card, right?
... I have only one thing to say to the defense.
Bravo, Mr. Wright.
Allow me to summarize the defense's argument. At 5:15 PM on the day of the crime, the man Officer Meekins encountered in the
That being the case, we must inevitably arrive at a single conclusion: If the "victim" in this video is a fake... then the
Is something wrong, Mr. Wright? Only moments ago you seemed content to be pointing your finger around.
Well, well... It seems you've finally realized... exactly what you've gone to such lengths to prove!
The defense has already done the explaining for me. The victim in this video is a fake... which means a murder did not take
So the real crime could only take place at one location: the underground parking lot at the Prosecutor's Office! The murderer
Just so, Your Honor.
The surrender flag has been raised. Your Honor, may we have your ruling now?
What now, Mr. Wright? Don't tell me you're objecting to what you've just proven.
What are you talking about?
...
Yes, Your Honor?
I'm sorry, Your Honor... The prosecution considered the incident at the Police Department to be unrelated. We have not
The prosecution requests to hear this person's name before deciding whether or not to comply.
Why him?
The prosecution agrees to the defense's request. Since he was responsible for guarding the room, we should hear his testimony.
We will, Your Honor.
Allow me to call the next witness to the stand: the officer in charge of guarding the evidence room on the day of the crime.
Witness, please state your name and occupation.
occasionally helping the elderly cross intersections when needed.
To be exact, it's Jake Marshall... Your Honor.
Now, Mr. Marshall. Let me ask you something. You were in charge of guarding the evidence room on the day the crime took place.
He's not that good with machines... or with following orders.
If nothing unusual is recorded, tapes are to be erased every six hours.
The sensors on the locker handles cannot be seen. It's well known that some detectives are unaware of their presence.
I take it you have an explanation then, Officer Marshall? About the "bloodstained" fingerprints?
There was a bloodstain at the scene, thought to be left by the murderer.
However, no fingerprints were detected on that handprint.
We don't have time for your speculations, Mr. Wright.
It seems we should be moving back to the testimony.
Tread carefully, Mr. Wright, or you might wind up being the one making the mistake.
Please allow me to apologize for my colleague, Your Honor. He gets carried away sometimes.
Will you forgive him too, Officer Marshall? He's not a bad man, just a bit... disillusioned.
...
It seems Mr. Wright has an answer.
But that's preposterous! Officer Meekins witnessed the detective at the crime scene! Once he saw the man's face, he'd know for
!
... Hmph. It looks like your lack of experience has finally been exposed.
I'll pass onto you what someone told me when I was just starting out. When you've run into a wall with no place to go, return
Why do you think this locker was opened in the first place?
There's no reason for Officer Marshall to open his locker at the time of the crime. Yet he did, despite the chance that it
The fact that a white "cloth" is sticking out of the locker seems to indicate that he opened it in order to put the cloth
Unfortunately unsolved cases can't be stored in the evidence room.
...
But there's one thing I still don't understand. Large quantities of blood traces were found on the floor of the evidence room.
Two years have passed since that case was closed. It was going to completely end with the transferal that day.
Moreover, you're an officer yourself. This will have serious consequences. It can't just be forgiven with a simple cut in
So you did it to fool the security camera.
So essentially... You managed to succeed despite your lack of foresight.
I mean the fingerprint- activated lock, of course. No matter how well you disguise yourself, you can't change your
Moreover, you're an officer yourself. This will have serious consequences. It can't just be forgiven with a simple cut in
I'll have to think a little more about his raise this year...
Moreover, you're an officer yourself. This will have serious consequences. It can't just be forgiven with a simple cut in
However... You bloodied your coat in your struggle with Officer Meekins.
Moreover, you're an officer yourself. This will have serious consequences. It can't just be forgiven with a simple cut in
So, you stole the evidence from the locker?
Why not?
It's still missing, Your Honor.
Moreover, you're an officer yourself. This will have serious consequences. It can't just be forgiven with a simple cut in
Joe Darke was convicted for those crimes. One thing I can say for sure, he deserved his sentence.
...
Neil Marshall...?
Now I remember... Prosecutor Neil Marshall. He handled the SL-9 case before I did.
And that's it? That's your reason for your insane actions?
...
That was the last day the SL-9 case could be reopened. Not satisfied with its resolution, Officer Marshall planned to steal
Yes, this mystery has finally been cleared up. No murder took place at the Police Department that day!
The things that happen by chance never cease to amaze... At exactly the same time as the murder at the Prosecutor's Office...
Which, in turn, means... only one person could have committed the crime: Chief Prosecutor Lana Skye.
Which is why we examined the incident at the Police Department today.
There's only one reason the defendant was not convicted yesterday: there yet remained the mystery of the simultaneous murder
All the mysteries at the Police Department have been uncovered. No contradictions remain. The murder took place at the
I rest my case.
Well done, Mr. Wright. Thanks to you, I didn't need to waste my time... disproving the alleged "murder" at the Police
... I don't want to leave any loose ends. You want a minute? I'll give you three.
You mean the traces of blood found on Detective Gumshoe's locker...
It appears the defense is troubled by the other blood mark. Looking at the floor plans, a handprint was discovered around
The only thing that seems clear is you're grasping, Mr. Wright.
Missing...? You mean, something hasn't been drawn on there?
It seems Mr. Wright's not sure which direction to face.
Explain yourself, Mr. Wright.
! *gasp!*
B-but how...!
That's ridiculous! I refute you!
So then... assuming this "murder" you purport really happened. When did it take place!? I demand you show evidence that proves
If it's so simple, then don't get it wrong.
Put off the act, witness. It doesn't take a lot of thought to figure out it couldn't have been me.
It's clear from the luminol test that blood was there. However, when the "second" crime took place... both Officer Meekins and
I would have had just ten minutes to murder the victim, carry his body away, and clean up the blood... Unfortunately that's
That's one "seven" too many, Your Honor. Unfortunately... I'm unable to look up the owner of that ID card. At least, at
The ID number "7777777" belongs to someone with a rank of Captain or higher... Someone who is a so-called "executive officer."
I'm not finished talking, Mr. Wright. There is one situation in which we can be granted such authority.
I take pride in my work, Officer Marshall. I would appreciate it if you would keep your slander to yourself.
Yes?
Don't be stupid. She's been charged with murder. Of course we've looked up her ID number... and it's not "7777777."
Do you need the witness to repeat his question, Chief Prosecutor?
Two years ago... I was in charge of the prosecution for that trial. At the time, we...
! Why don't you answer him!?
No... NNNNOOOOOOO!!!
Huh? What are you doing here?
Hmph. I've had to live the past two years with rumors flying around. What's another allegation to me?
So, what do you want? Unlike some people, I don't have all day.
Hold on. First let me see what this girl's doing crawling around my feet.
If you can't read, I'll read it for you. It says, "Letter of Resignation."
I'm tired, Mr. Wright. I feel as if... something inside me has died.
I know the path I've walked. You don't need to tell me. And the path I've walked... hasn't been a just one. I can't forgive
There's no excuse for what I've done. Two years ago, I used false evidence to obtain a guilty verdict. That's what it all
The Police Department and the Prosecutor's Office share a bond of trust. If that bond is broken, we stand to lose everything.
I take pride in my work. So tell me why! Why has it all come to this...
Hmph. First last year's trial, and now this one. It seems all you do is worry about me. To be honest, you're getting on my
Tomorrow is the last day. It's too late to change prosecutors. I'll bet that's what my superiors are banking on. I never
That list of evidence. It seems too short. Most lists... run twice as long.
After Neil Marshall was murdered, I became prosecutor for that case. I may not have been part of the investigation, but at the
I've never cared for ceremonies, but I had to attend that one.
Those receiving awards can't exactly skip out on the ceremony. I finished up at the office in the morning, then drove over to
Yes. Just odds and ends- clerical stuff. I didn't plan on returning to the office that day. That is, until I was asked to take
This.
Yes. It was a piece of evidence in a case that was closed half a year ago. He asked me to bring it back to the Prosecutor's
That's right.
This award originates from an ancient Chinese tale. In Chinese, the word "contradiction" is written with two characters: the
Very well. Long ago in the kingdom of Chu, there was an arms merchant. One day, he presented the king with two items. The
Very perceptive. But then again, you've heard this story before, right? Anyway, as you mentioned, the very descriptions of
Precisely so. They symbolize the merchant's items. The ancient tale ends with the merchant at a loss for words, but it's in
... You'll have to ask Chief Gant. Two years ago, he had the "halberd" part of the award abolished.
I once dreamed of being a defense attorney, a long time ago.
Yet, a clear path is laid out before me. I have no time to look back on what might have been.
That has no meaning for me anymore.
That's who I was last year. What good is it to dwell on the past?
It seems everything in this case is designed to cast doubt on me.
Yes, I went into the evidence room on the day of the crime. Chief Gant asked me to do something.
I have a locker in there as well.
That room's always dark and I was in a hurry. I didn't see anything out of the ordinary.
... Come now, Mr. Wright. You can't seriously expect me to just sit down... and chat with you about the case over a cup of tea.
So I did...
The Chief is a very competent man... but sometimes he does things that don't make any sense. ... At least it's better than
Prosecutor Neil Marshall... He had just started making a name for himself. Looks like this was taken when he received the King
Yes?
Yes, you're right. ... I remember now.
That was the official prosecutor trophy used until that time. There's a story behind it.
It's simple, really. "Contradiction." That's what the award's based on.
They say where there's smoke, there's fire. Apparently I was so caught up in the smoke, I lost sight of the truth.
The others are right. I have no right to serve as a prosecutor.
I've always made my own decisions about what I can or cannot do. That hasn't changed. Forgiving myself... is something I
... Wright, please. I'm the prosecutor on this case! You don't expect me to sit here and discuss the case with you over a cup
That list of evidence. It seems too short. Most lists... run twice as long.
Knowing you, you've already figured it out... Who the owner of the "7777777" ID number is.
You know, the only reason this trial didn't reach a verdict yesterday... is because there was still room for doubt on this ID
In any event, once all doubt has been removed from that list, I can call for a ruling on the defendant. Five minutes after the
I figured you'd say as much. That's why I came here... to hear what you have to say.
The "truth"?
Don't be stupid! Today's the last day of the trial. We don't have time to reminisce about the past!
...!
... I'll think about it. See you in court, Wright.
The prosecution is ready, Your Honor.
?
If you don't mind me asking, Chief, exactly what is this "proposal" of yours?
What's this all about, defendant?
One moment, Your Honor.
The prosecution has not yet proven the defendant guilty beyond reasonable doubt. Any ruling at this stage would certainly be
Hmph. I don't think I care for your tone... Chief Gant.
Creating another fabrication to cover up your past mistakes... Sorry, but I'm no longer the naive little "boy" you would have
With this sudden confession from the defendant... It's obvious to me some kind of deal was struck behind the scenes.
... Hmph. I thought so. Your Honor. The prosecution would like to change its first witness.
As its first witness, the prosecution would like to call... Ms. Ema Skye! I request the court hears her tesimony!
I don't care what you think, Ms. Skye.
The exposure of truth sometimes results in tragedy... However! No matter how tragic the truth may be, it would be an even
Ms. Ema Skye. Please take the stand.
Now then, witness. Please state your name and occupation.
Two years ago... you encountered the serial killer Joe Darke, of the "Joe Darke Killings." Is this correct?
I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to recall those events one more time.
Yes. It most certainly is.
...
Now... please testify about what happened to you two years ago.
... That will soon become apparent, Your Honor.
I believe they shared the same office.
The Police Department and the Prosecutor's Office held a ceremony that day.
Joe Darke was brought in for questioning on the day of that ceremony. We were desperate to get anything on him that would lead
Upon fleeing the room, Darke proceeded to take the elevator. He must have been in a panic because the elevator was going up.
That day, there were two people present during Darke's questioning: Detective Damon Gant, and Prosecutor Neil Marshall.
Neil Marshall had just received the King of Prosecutors award. Young and dedicated, he went straight to the questioning room
Now then, please tell us. This scene that imprinted an image in your mind... Can you please describe it to us?
And you told Detective Goodman about what you saw?
Now then, please tell us. This scene that imprinted an image in your mind... Can you please describe it to us?
But the list of evidence I was given two years ago didn't contain a picture...
That's strange... I took over the case after Prosecutor Marshall died, yet I never received any picture. Perhaps the witness
Well anyway. Let's continue. This scene that imprinted an image in your mind... Can you please describe it to us?
Tell us... what were you doing at that moment? I believe you testified that Joe Darke was holding you hostage.
Huh!? Hey, I'm not the bad guy! All I'm saying is that as the prosecutor for that case, I wasn't handed such a picture!
Yes, what is that?
What's the meaning of this!? What are you doing with that list!?
Only the prosecutor in charge should have access to that list!
What?
What... WWWHHAAAAAATTTTTT!!!!????
...!
It's possible. Let's see... MM! MMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!
Sorry, Your Honor. There is something drawn on the back of my list. This is that... thing!
Apparently the Head of Criminal Affairs used this for his blueprint.
...
During that time the detective team was reorganized. Detective Goodman was placed in charge... under the direction of Damon
What happened after the lightning flashed?
The flash of lightning only drove off the darkness for a split second. Not only that, but the trauma of the situation
Are you insinuating we somehow manipulated her memory, Mr. Wright?
...
...
The act of making an innocent girl cry should warrant the death penalty.
Huh? Where could you possibly see a problem!?
Perhaps the knife was broken beforehand!
The tip of the knife was undeniably discovered within the victim's body! The only possible explanation is the witness's memory
But... there's no other way to explain this inconsistency!
You're treading on thin ice, Wright...
No... Aaaaaagh!
... If that's true... then there's no other way around it. This could not have been the actual murder weapon.
There must have been another broken knife!
If anything's broken here... it's you!
This is a picture of the awards ceremony. A-AAAAHH!
It's the... the broken murder weapon!
But that... That can't be!
Because if the King of Prosecutors award knife was the murder weapon... then the murderer and the victim would be reversed!
I mean... This man raising a knife... would have been Prosecutor Neil Marshall!
It seems Mr. Wright has been a bit too eager to jump to conclusions...
What is it?
What!?
Try impossible! The Head Detective of Criminal Affairs didn't even design him until this year!
Chief Prosecutor Skye.
We've already come this far. It's too late to turn back.
The power outage that immediately preceded the incident, is also documented in the Prosecutor's Office reports.
But as we've just theorized, Mr. Marshall was the one holding the knife.
In a matter of just a few seconds Ms. Skye was almost killed, then she witnessed a murder about to take place. A little
But... the Head Detective of Criminal Affairs thought up this hideous beast. And that was just this year... The Blue Badger
This is pointless! That thing couldn't have possibly existed two years ago... The witness must be mistaken!
Oh? And I suppose you have an explanation? If so, then by all means... please tell us what this "shadow" really was!
...
Apparently it helps when trying to overlook one's failures...
The only person mistaking anything around here is you.
Allow me to remind the defense its case hinges on the witness's drawing. If Mr. Wright can't match the shape the witness drew,
No... It can't be!!!
Although we all enjoyed Mr. Wright's dramatic performance, one question remains... What's your point!?
So that Badger thing was actually just a jar. That doesn't change anything!
Indeed? Very well, then. Please tell us... What's different now that we know the witness saw this jar?
Not only that, but she saw it at a very specific angle.
But the body was found lying near Lana Skye's desk! The witness testified so herself!
Are you implying the murderer moved the victim's body? From Damon Gant's office to Lana Skye's office?
Why would he do that!? There's no reason!
!
No... Mr. Wright... You can't be thinking...
If events took place as the defense theorizes... Then the outcome is obvious. In that moment... assuming the man Ema Skye
I never imagined her testimony would lead to this...
Imagine that, coming from you.
If you recall, it was you who admitted to forging evidence two years ago. The reason you moved Prosecutor Marshall's body...
If we don't have evidence, then we'll have to rely on testimony.
Hmph. Touche, Ms. Skye. Of course... That only leaves us with one possibility.
I mean, the possibility that the victim left us a message. For better or for worse, Mr. Marshall did not die instantly. He may
Mr. Wright. You disappoint me. I never thought you the type to let feelings cloud your judgment.
If we overlook the victim's message... one he would have written with literally his last breath, then everything will be lost
Do not be mistaken, Ms. Skye.
Our purpose is not to accuse Ema of any crime. There is only one thing we seek: the truth. No matter how painful it may be.
You'd better be careful, or you might wind up deceased yourself.
If that thing could, I'm sure it would.
It looks like someone wiped the blood away.
So what you're saying, is these "dots"... were once lines!
One that someone apparently wiped away... But blood must have seeped into the jar where the lines change directions.
I think you should make him write out "I won't do it again" 100 times.
So this is the final message Prosecutor Marshall left behind.
Chief Gant...
What...? What are you talking about?
Ack!
K-kkckck! KKCKRRAAAAHHHH!!!
!
Hmph. Don't worry about it. This is my problem, not yours.
...
I'm sure you know the two rules of evidence law, don't you Wright? Rule 1: no evidence shall be shown without the approval of
Haven't you figured it out yet? Why I'm still sitting in that prosecutor's seat... despite all these allegations being thrown
The real trial today... hasn't begun yet.
Yes, Your Honor?
Thank you for the news, Your Honor.
Struck a bargain?
You think I may have manipulated the witnesses.
... Very well, Your Honor. I have a solution.
That being the case, the prosecution will allow the defense to call forth all further witnesses.
Undeniably this is an unusual arrangement... but a very effective one. It would prove that I haven't struck any "deals" with
Mr. Wright.
You do realize this is your last chance? If you call the wrong witness... this trial is as good as over.
It appears I've overestimated you, Mr. Wright.
For a moment, I actually thought you knew what you were doing. Hmph!
As luck would have it, he should still be in the courthouse. He would also be the least likely to have been manipulated by me
Witness. Please state your name and occupation.
Your name and occupation, sir.
Your name and occupation!
Of course, such an action carries with it certain risks...
Was the defendant, Lana Skye, also present in the room?
What's this about a power outage?
So that means... You found the body near Lana's desk?
...
Staring at the witness won't do you any good, Mr. Wright.
If you're going to stare at anything... you'd be better off staring at the Court Record.
However! Detective Gumshoe was present during the investigation!
Wh...
Later? What are you talking about?
Wright.
The Chief is talking about a "possibility." So long as you can't rule that out... your remarks, however clever they may be,
Yes... He was going to be made Chief anyway.
So that means... there's only one possible motivation for you to commit forgery. If you didn't do it for yourself... then you
You're right... You don't feel sorry for anyone.
You seem to be lax enough on yourself, though.
Relax and take a deep breath, Mr. Wright.
Try to think "outside the box." After all, that's what you're good at, isn't it?
Damon Gant... someone's accomplice? That sounds unlikely...
He would be able to use the Chief Prosecutor as his puppet! Essentially... he would acquire unchecked authority over all
... Unless... that is also what happened in this incident...
Of course I'm talking about... the murder of Detective Bruce Goodman. The Chief Prosecutor has been acting strange throughout
It's too late, Mr. Wright.
There's no turning back for us now.
Regardless of his rank or title, Chief Gant is just a man. The question is, is he a criminal? I believe the evidence will tell.
I know it's hard with all that's gone on during this trial, but try to think back to what happened in the evidence room four
And I will demand Mr. Wright be punished to the maximum extent of the law. But right now, this court demands an explanation
Tell me. When you entered the room... were you alone?
No it isn't, Your Honor. This trial's purpose is to determine the truth. If Chief Gant met the victim on the day of the crime,
Or to be more accurate, Jake Marshall stole it.
Sorry, but that's not possible.
According to the record, your card was only used once. But you showed us your ID card earlier. If you had really "lent" it to
However, the victim's body was discovered in the Prosecutor's Office's parking lot. How did he manage to move it there?
And everyone's aware that Lana stayed at the Prosecutor's Office after the ceremony.
You mean...!
You mean I... I... I carried the victim's body!?
But wait! Even you know... I didn't plan on returning to my office... after the ceremony finished that day.
... A-AAAHHHH...!
I... was asked to go. By Chief Gant no less. He told me he wanted me to keep a screwdriver at the Prosecutor's Office. In any
It's here because... ... A-AAAHHHH...!
I... was asked to go. By Chief Gant no less. He told me he wanted me to keep it at the Prosecutor's Office. In any case, on
After the ceremony ended that day, I didn't plan to return to the Prosecutor's Office.
You mean I... I...
It is a photo of the body being taken from the trunk!
So you're going to just run away after all this!?
!
Lady Luck, hm? Maybe we should have a word with her.
There's one "Lady" who knows the real truth behind this trial... We haven't yet had the honor of hearing her testimony.
In the absence of conclusive evidence, the only other method of proof is testimony.
There's still someone else. One more witness who can answer all the questions raised in this trial. Someone right in this very
Hmph... Why are you asking me, Your Honor? Have you forgotten? The defense is the one calling witnesses today.
I thought we were walking the same path together, Mr. Wright. It appears somewhere along the way you got lost.
The prosecution has no objections, Your Honor.
...!
Looks like we managed to stay in the game.
Hmph. Settle down, Wright. Remember what the judge said?
It's simple. If the Chief refuses to testify... the opposite also holds true.
Ever since her appointment as Chief Prosecutor, everyone who knew her... said she changed. Perhaps... it was easier that way
What do you think I mean? To follow Chief Gant's orders. She must have shut herself up deep inside... to force herself to do
Let's go, Wright. It's time to end this.
Ms. Lana Skye. You are the Chief Prosecutor. I'm sure you're aware of what is required of you.
...
Would you mind telling us what you found when you arrived at the crime scene?
You mean, Prosecutor Marshall wound up being killed by Darke?
If that is so, what happened to the other murder weapon? Darke was carrying a switchblade knife.
But why!? Why would you do that...?
...!
...
But the body was found by your desk. Why did you move it there?
So... when you first found the body, the jar was already...
Your Honor. It would appear... more information is needed in regard to this jar, and its bloody message! We may be missing
Chief Prosecutor. It seems you're as in the dark as we are... about the truth towards which we're headed.
Just tell us exactly what you saw. We'll piece together the information to arrive at the truth.
You were an ace detective who never missed a detail. Do you really expect us to believe you didn't investigate what was
If someone happened upon the scene, you'd lose your chance to erase the evidence. You must have been in a hurry.
Have you forgotten, Your Honor? When this witness arrived at the scene, the jar was already broken.
There's no way a name could have been written on a shattered jar. Another person discovered the scene prior to the witness!
Damon Gant arrived at the crime scene prior to the witness. He proceeded to break the jar, and purposefully hid one of the
In light of what happened afterwards, isn't it clear?
Discovering the scene, Lana Skye believed her sister Ema killed the victim. Determined to help her sister, she sought Gant's
! What do you mean, Wright?
There's nothing to be afraid of anymore.
This cross-examination may not change a thing. However, there is a possibility that it will, if you tell the truth!
You were the only one who saw that. If only you had proof...
!
Anyway, let's get on with the cross-examination. So long as you tell the truth, we should be able to flush out the real
I'm afraid it's too late for that.
You already declined testimony. That means you forfeited your right to make statements of any sort.
Just sit back, relax... and enjoy the sound of the noose tightening around your own neck.
What do you mean?
Mr. Wright. If you're not sure, then think it through again... How can you use that evidence to your advantage?
What's this!? There's a big handprint on it!
Give it up, Mr. Wright. It's over.
You shouldn't have presented that... By presenting that evidence, you tied Ema Skye to Neil Marshall's death.
What are you talking about, Chief Gant!?
You mean, you had this...? In your safe?
So you "assisted" Ms. Skye!
And I ended up using that evidence to get Joe Darke convicted!
But if you fabricated all the evidence... what's to say you didn't fabricate the message on this jar, too?
You mean that piece of cloth?
Wright. Think hard over the circumstances.
I'm talking about "then" and "now." There's one major difference between the two. Weren't you waiting for that difference?
I think Mr. Wright's humor has improved... at the expense of his defense.
Your Honor! The prosecution requests that be immediately sent to the lab for analysis! This handprint on the leather... There
It could not have been forged. It must be authentic, conclusive evidence!
What?
...! You mean you already know? You know whose fingerprints are on that?
It's too late to turn back now. You're the only one who can put an end to this, Wright!
He most likely hit his head on the ground and was knocked out.
Then, to make it look like Ema was responsible for the prosecutor's death, said person proceeded to write her name on the jar
True... Illegal evidence cannot be used to convict a person... assuming, of course, that the evidence is indeed illegal.
If you're going to change your position, this is your only chance, Wright!
There is only one issue left to be resolved in this trial: Is this evidence legal or not?
You've lost it, Wright. All this time I thought you were using the Chief's knowledge of the law to trap him. It looks like
Rule 1: no evidence shall be shown without the approval of the Police Department!
Rule 2: unregistered evidence presented must be relevant to the case in trial.
He's right. At the beginning of today's trial, that piece of cloth was still meaningless.
You yourself confessed to a certain "truth."
It was then that you approved this cloth... as conclusive evidence. Yes! You, the Chief of Police, personally approved this
Well, your crime wasn't exactly petty.
He stole Goodman's ID card and tried to take the evidence!
You would only increase the amount of blood and you couldn't finish what you started.
Then you put the body in my car?
Grr...
So you took the evidence from Detective Goodman's locker?
Fake evidence doesn't hold up very well upon close examination. You must have known that...
Me?
!
...
...!
Hmph! It was nothing.
S-stop it! I only did my job!
...!
I just came to say... Congratulations.
Right. Well... I'll be going now!
...!
... It's too late for me.
No matter what anyone may say, I realized today that I can't change my own mistakes!
Not only that, but I don't even trust myself anymore. Chief Gant was right...
!
I do despise criminals. I planned to dedicate my entire life to fighting them. But in order to fight crime alone, one needs a
Who knows? Given enough time, I might have tried to pull something like Chief Gant did. That thought terrifies me. That's why
...!
...
...!
...!
... That might mean something to you, but I don't see how it had anything to do with our partnership.
... It's time for me to go.
If you'll excuse me... there are still some loose ends that need wrapping up. Take care, Chief Prosecutor.
...
I know... It seems I owe you my thanks too, Wright. But what I face now... is my problem.
... Farewell.
