...Yes? Edgeworth speaking...
...Huh? Larry...? Do you know what time it is?
(... This is nothing more than a terrible nightmare... I'll just roll over and...)
Well, it wouldn't be the first time, so...
Wh-What...!? What happened!? Tell me!
Alright. I don't know what's going on, but... I'll be there as soon as I can.
(It's been one year since I left that country... I thought I wouldn't have to see him again for a while... Sounds like it won't be a pretty reunion... As if I expected anything to change.)
I don't want to hear it! I chartered a private jet to come as quickly as I could!
...Before I came here, I stopped in at the hospital where Wright is. I believe I have a better understanding of the situation than you, at this point. The murder victim was the picture book author, Ms. Elise Deauxnim. She was found by Wright and the head nun. The suspect is the temple's younger nun. Then later, while Wright was crossing the bridge, it broke and he fell into the river. The hospital says that he'll need at least 2 days of bed rest.
(And here I was, convinced HE was the one the police had arrested...) However... I still don't understand what these two items are for.
They're things Wright gave to me when I was leaving his room. (This is the first... He said some nonsense about being able to see into people's hearts with this... And the other... He couldn't possibly be asking what I think he is... could he?)
... What did you just say?
...I'm a prosecutor, Larry. A prosecutor. Do YOU understand what I'm saying? A prosecutor is a lawyer who...
But I...
(...How could this country's judicial system have fallen into such decay!?)
(So Wright wasn't joking when he gave me this badge after all...)
...Edgeworth. Miles Edgeworth. I don't know if I can be of any help, but... ...I will at least hear what you have to say. ...About the murder.
...?
... Fortunately, he will be fine. (Larry, you moron! How could you say something like that!?) He was badly bruised when he hit the water, but otherwise he is unharmed.
But, he's caught some kind of nasty cold.
He's running a high fever and is drifting in and out of consciousness.
(I must be imagining things. This woman... I feel like I've met her before...)
The camera is glaring at me. "If something glares at you, it's only polite to return the favor," is what I was taught. ...
...Hm? Oh, e-excuse me.
The guard is glaring at me. "If something glares at you, it's only polite to return the favor," is what I was taught. ...
...Hm? Oh, e-excuse me.
...Going to a crime scene is akin to entering a jungle teeming with dangerous beasts. Before he goes there, a hunter needs to make sure he has plenty of ammunition. And in my case, that ammunition is called, "information".
Pardon me... Iris. I would like to ask you something, if you don't mind. I have the distinct feeling you and I have met before...
Hazakura Temple? What's that?
Spiritual power...? Did you go to that temple for that reason as well?
In that case, what are you doing at that temple then?
I want to ask you about last night... The night of the crime.
Bell...?
I see... And then?
...?
Why didn't you go to the Training Hall like you were asked to?
("Frightened"...?)
(There's more to her story. I just know there is. Maybe I should dig a little deeper.)
You were asked to go to the Training Hall on the night of the murder?
However... You didn't go. Because you say you were frightened. What exactly were you so frightened of?
(Wh-What in the world!?)
...I'm sorry. It's nothing. (It looks like she's not aware of them herself... These must be what Wright was talking about... The "Psycholocks"! I believe he said that I need to present this "Magatama" item to do something...)
What about last night?
So there was something special about last night, hmm?
(It looks like I have no choice but to break these locks...)
So do you have any idea as to what really occurred last night?
Spiritual power...?
...Iris, I'm sorry, but I can't accept that. I'm a man of science. I don't believe in "spiritual power".
And I am certain that the thing that killed the victim was a human. So please, answer me this simple question... Were you the one who killed Elise Deauxnim?
Hmm...
(That was foolish of me... It's not as if I can know for certain if she is telling me the truth...)
(Those Psycholock things aren't appearing... I suppose that means I can believe that she's not lying.) ...Heh.
(I can't believe what I'm thinking... And here I just finished saying that I don't believe in spiritual power...)
Yes, this belongs to Wright.
I'm actually a prosecutor.
Well, you see... I, um... I borrowed it.
Who is the woman on this hanging scroll?
M-Master?
... Spirit mediums... There's no such thing anyway...
I know all about them... They're nothing but frauds!
(She doesn't know anything about it, of course... But there was a time, 17 years ago, when I met the "Master" myself...)
He was wearing this when I saw him at the hospital today.
If it's so important, then why did you give it to him?
(Well he wound up falling into something much deeper and colder... I probably shouldn't say that out loud, though. Thank god for inner monologue.)
In that case, why did you allow them to run an article about you?
(She certainly does look rather happy in this photo...)
Does she come to Hazakura Temple often...?
...?
Is that so?
(The victim, Ms. Elise Deauxnim... The prosecutor's office still doesn't have much information about her it seems...)
Well his fever is very high. As a result, he's rather confused. He's worried about Maya, who is still trapped in the Inner Temple... ...And he's quite worried about you as well, it seems.
Yes... Naturally, once he recovers, I'll pass the baton back to him.
...I'm sorry? Who did you say it was?
(Alright... Now who exactly is this guy...?)
...
E-Excuse me. I was temporarily at a loss for words. (Take a trip... Come home... Be thrust suddenly into bizarro world...)
Just let me get one thing straight. You were raised at Hazakura Temple, correct? And yet, somehow, you seem to know Wright.
So you two must have crossed paths somewhere.
(What is that supposed to mean?)
Hmm... It appears that's about all that you can tell me.
...I visited Wright at the hospital before coming here. He asked me to take care of you...
Yes, at the trial tomorrow... He asked me to defend you.
But before that, I have one question.
Do you know Wright?
Whenever you came up in our conversation, he would begin to act a little... strange.
Friend? Well... In a sense, yes.
You "deceived" him...?
... Well, if you ask me, Wright is still suffering... And until he learns the truth, I don't think he will ever be able to truly recover. ...Iris. It's not too late. You should go to him. ...Tell him the truth.
I'll defend you, but only if you agree to that one condition.
...Very well. I'll do everything in my power to get you an acquittal. (That's enough information gathering for now. I should head to the crime scene...)
(It sure is cold alright... So this is it... Dusky Bridge...)
Urk... Detective Gumshoe.
It doesn't matter, Detective. What does matter is why you're shuffling around up here.
Let me guess... You were transferred into another section at work. A good choice. The vast amount of nothing up here must be quite easy to guard.
(...Gumshoe indeed! Like gum on your shoe, he's impossible to get rid of!)
...Great. Um, thank you, Detective.
(...Prosecutor Godot?)
It looks like a pretty good distance to that far cliff.
... Detective... That's not even CLOSE to a hundred yards.
(It's about 20 yards or so. And impossible to cross without a bridge, it seems...)
A shack...?
The name "Heavenly Hall" makes it sound like a palace...
...That's not such a great name, if you ask me.
So this is the bridge Wright tried to cross?
I'm amazed he survived the fall from up here...
(I think dumb luck suits Wright just a bit better.)
Some letters are wildly engraved into a roughly cut boulder. "Dusky Bridge"... It certainly is an appropriate name.
You're the one who needs glasses, Detective. Try reading it one more time.
...That's true.
Well, um, sure. Why not?
(What's so special about public phones, and why is he so fascinated by them...?)
I just got back into the country, so I don't really know much about the case...
Well, simple is as simple does, as they say.
A witness...?
Bikini lady? Here? On this freezing cold mountain?
(I may have to talk to this "bikini lady"... I mean, "decisive witness" myself...)
So this is the bridge that Wright fell through?
And? Is there something on the other side?
What...?
Yes, I heard that from Wright. It's Maya Fey.
(Will she be alright in this cold...?)
So how did this bridge burn down anyway?
...Lightning?
So who is this Prosecutor Godot? I've never heard of him.
What kind of a man is he?
(If he's so good, how is it that I've never heard of him...?) Is he the lead prosecutor on this case?
You know who?
Oh?
And what would be the cause of this grudge...?
(None of this is making any sense. I'd better look into this Godot myself.)
You're telling me the bridge caught on fire due to a fluke bolt of lightning?
Hmm, I see... This is a very detailed weather report... Almost too detailed... It even has the exact time that the lightning struck the bridge...
Someone actually saw the lightning hit the bridge? Who is this witness?
...Is it really that odd?
(Does this little thing hold that ominous of a meaning...?)
Have you ever seen this thing before...?
Wh-What are you doing, Detective!?
(Nngh... Maybe his salary has been cut just a little too much...?)
That's rather odd... If she was trying to hide her identity, why would she become an author?
(I wonder if Gumshoe has realized it yet... But you could say the exact the same thing about him!)
Your face is more drawn out than the last time I saw you over a year ago.
No, wait... It's not so much "drawn out", as "weary and tired", or maybe just plain old "thin".
I thought you were really into instant noodles last year...?
...I see.
...That's nice.
...I'm sorry about that.
...I really don't want to talk about him. That's why.
I feel like I've seen this girl somewhere before! She wasn't from a prior case, was she?
I see... (I just can't shake this nagging feeling...)
D-Detective! Where did you hear such nonsense from!?
(...D-Do I really inspire this sort of frothing desire from the female masses?)
I usually hear about promising young prosecutor candidates while they're still in school. But I've never seen or heard of this person.
Hmm... He sounds like an interesting man...
...That's not something to be proud of, Detective!
(It looks like Iris is being interrogated right now.) ...This place certainly brings back memories.
(I should think it's hard to land in jail when you're so harmless...) Yes, well... If you're in jail, you don't have to pay for your own meals, you know.
Don't get any funny ideas, Detective...!
(In any case... I guess I'll have to come back here later...)
That camera is meant to monitor everything that happens in here. And right now, it's pointed straight at the guard.
The guard is staring at me with a puzzled expression on his face. Me... and the badge on my lapel. ...I get the feeling he recognizes me.
...I knew it was a mistake to race back to this country.
Wright is going to be fine, and the case itself isn't anything unusual... And I find myself taking a request to defend a woman accused of murder!
Um, it's hard to explain, but one thing led to another and...
(...I'm not sure what role I'm supposed to be playing anymore.)
...I'd say more like sorbet. It is rather cold here.
Ever the romantic, aren't you, Larry? Nevertheless, I'll do whatever I can to prove her innocence. (At least until I pass the baton on to Wright, that is.)
This gate looks quite old; strong enough to resist the weight of time.
I have always appreciated this kind of old, timeless elegance.
Even fine wine turns to vinegar and begins to stink at some point. ...I suggest you wash that atrocious rag you call a coat, Detective.
That must be the Main Hall back there.
............ Are you trying to flatter me, Detective Gumshoe?
(According to Wright, the head nun has some important information. I can't miss the opportunity to speak with her...)
I can see a small bell tower from here.
(Something tells me he's going to tell me what's on his mind, whether I like it or not...)
(I had no idea he was such a deep thinker...)
I suppose this type of thing is necessary up here in the mountains.
(Something tells me he's going to tell me what's on his mind, whether I like it or not...)
An invention...?
...
...Only after you take the first 1000 test rides.
...
To put it simply...Your comment has me highly concerned. Could it be that the reason you think she's innocent...
... ...I was right after all. I should never have come back.
(If I had a penny for every time he's said that...)
Huh...? I have no idea what you're talking about, Larry.
...?
Larry, where were you and what were you doing on the night of the crime?
Larry...?
Wh-What...?
... I'll ask just one more time. On the night of the murder, where were you and what were you doing?
(As I suspected... a Psycholock!)
I need all the information I can get if Iris is to have any hope of being acquitted.
(If that's what you think, then get a job already!)
If we're friends then I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't hide the truth from me!
(...I have no idea what you're blathering about.)
...That was a long time ago.
... (Grr... This is exactly why I hate childhood friends...)
Well... Frankly, I was hoping you could give me a little more than that.
... Since you're kind enough to offer... alright.
What's with the past tense? He's not dead, you know!
What is that supposed to mean?
(He has a point... He called me pretty quickly, too... I think Larry's pretty good at motivating people. I just wish he would try motivating himself once in a while!)
What...?
... Alright, fine. Let me ask you something else then, Larry.
I have a feeling that she's hiding something...
...I don't think that has anything to do with it.
Well, you most certainly seem to have convinced yourself!
(Still doesn't listen to others, I see... I guess some people just never change.)
(...He didn't even give it a glance.)
I... My name is... Miles Edgeworth.
(Please don't call me "boy".) I'm sorry to trouble you... But I'm looking for a woman in a bikini.
... I'm sorry, but I don't see any bikinis...
... Why didn't you tell me that earlier!? This is exactly why your salary keeps on getting cut!
Well, first... I want to hear what you know.
There's flowing script written everywhere on the walls.
(Does this guy think about anything other than eating and sleeping...?)
...It's called a "hibachi". It's for heating the room.
Those are a type of "zabuton" cushions called "enza"!
Because learning something new might actually be a good thing for you, Detective!
It's an altar with a giant Magatama enshrined on it.
Maybe you should blow out those candles over there to make up for that.
...That thing sure casts a strong presence over the whole room.
(There are more enza cushions in the corner of the room.) ...What's that white piece of paper sticking out from under that stack...?
Would you mind checking that for me, Detective Gumshoe?
It looks like an old manila envelope...
...What is it, Detective?
...I suppose I should read it myself then.
Th-This sounds like a blackmail letter...!
Well, I suppose it takes a super-duper kind of dumb to miss a clue like this.
(There are more enza cushions in the corner of the room.)
Well, I suppose it takes a super-duper kind of dumb to miss a clue like this.
First, I'd like to ask you about last night.
(She must be talking about Maya...) Approximately what time was that...?
Detective, this is no time for flattery.
Some time around 11:00, you witnessed the incident in the courtyard. But your duty was in the Inner Temple. Why did you come back here?
(Nngh... I'm starting to get goosebumps myself, but for a decidedly different reason.)
Alright then... I'd like you to tell me exactly what you saw in the courtyard.
Did you see this criminal with your own eyes?
You must have been quite shocked.
(...Unfortunately for us, her testimony seems to be pretty solid.)
Unnatural...?
(...I wonder what she means by that?)
As the head nun, it's your duty to stay with the acolyte at all times, correct?
A bad lower back...?
So you left the disciple all alone?
(Yes, but she never went to the Inner Temple, did she? Did this head nun even see Iris? I think I'd better try to get some more details...)
So who is this acolyte that was to train at the Inner Temple...?
You don't mean to tell me she's still doing that over at the Inner Temple, do you?
Well, um... That's good to hear.
(Maya has a little sister...?)
Little... Pearl...?
Y-You mean she...!? She was with the victim!?
(A little girl who was with the victim on the night of the murder... is gone!)
Excuse me?
(I should have known better than to show this thing around...)
Fey...
Who is this daughter?
Oh, I see...
No! I can't...! I was just...!
What do you mean by that, Detective!?
(Is this some sort of divine retribution...?)
About this picture...
Is that so? For exampl--?
(Her anger does seem a little... manufactured.)
Do you know anything about this old, crumpled-up letter?
(Ah... So Sister Bikini didn't know anything about it...)
...Um, sure.
...
(It sounds like she's got some major regrets she's dealing with... Hmm... Perhaps I should let Gumshoe explain Wright's situation to her for me...)
...Sure.
(I pray it was a pose that maintained your modesty. For everyone's sake...)
You said you went with Maya to the Training Hall in the Inner Temple last night. Did you happen to see Iris while you were there?
(But that doesn't fit with Iris's story at all... She said that she never went to the Inner Temple!)
Honored? How so?
...Detective. I detest talk of supernatural drivel. I suppose now you'll say she has midi-chlorians?
(...That's got nothing to do with it.)
(Which means... ...there's only a few other possibilities as to where she could be.)
... Why do you have to be such a pessimist, Detective!?
(Ironic. I became a pessimist only after I had the pleasure of working with you!)
... May I speak now?
I don't care how you feel about her personally... ...just tell me what you know about her and how she's related to the case.
(...I'm actually starting to feel jealous of this guy. ...Just a little.)
...Hmm. I don't see Larry anywhere.
(His heart was shut tight with a Psycholock. I guess I'll have to look for him now... What a thorn in my side.)
Thanks, Detective. I'll just have a look around. (It looks like the police are still investigating...)
Yes, I will... I gave her my word and now I must follow through with my commitments.
Don't worry about it, Detective. Just keep your mouth closed and I think most of it will flow out on its own.
Very well, Detective... (Thankfully his diarrhea of the mouth is permanent...)
It's a lantern... I suppose they light it at night.
Detective... Can you not afford to pay your electricity bill...?
What's this...? It looks like a wizard's staff.
Yes... What?
...Alright.
...
That's it? That's what you wanted to tell me?
(This staff was made from a very strong kind of wood...)
...What about fingerprints? Were there any on it?
So the sword from this gold statue is actually the murder weapon?
There's still blood on it... I suppose this is the victim's blood?
Fingerprints...?
(Her fingerprints are on the murder weapon...!?)
Is this how it is for Wright? Is this what it's like to be a defense lawyer?
...To be honest, it feels more like it's detrimental to your health.
The Main Gate must be just over that stone wall.
Detective... Perhaps someone should introduce you to the concept of paucity of words...
The Main Hall of Hazakura Temple is above us here.
Hazakura Temple was built on a steep part of the mountain. The front and back of the Main Hall are on different levels.
(I fail to see how he can consider that to be an even remotely good idea.)
Really? You don't um... seem like the type. Well, what about sleds?
...
(I...Is the world starting to go mad?)
It's hard to believe in this day and age you can still find people like that.
The murder weapon...?
Th-That's terrible...
...Yes?
A two-story building...? That would be about the same height as that room in front of us, correct?
(Maybe she was pushed out of the window after she was stabbed by the sword?)
...Now then, Detective. Let's see if we can summarize what we've learned so far.
(The Inner Temple, huh...? I'd like some more information about that place...)
The trial begins tomorrow, but who's the prosecutor?
What do you mean...?
I intend to appear in court in the role of defense lawyer. However... I would be quite unhappy if it came out that I'm actually a prosecutor.
...Yes, he certainly would remember my face, even after such a long absence. That's why I requested another judge preside over the case. We've only met each other once. There's a good chance he won't remember me at all.
There's no need to worry. I pulled a few strings and arranged for a prosecutor of my own choosing.
What is this Inner Temple that Maya was supposedly training at...?
(The bridge that burned down, huh...) Is there anything else on the other side of that bridge besides the Inner Temple?
Nothing?
(So the only thing there is the Inner Temple...)
(Please be alright, Maya...)
You wanted to become a wizard, right?
We just had this conversation a little while ago, Detective!
Hmm... I've never heard that one.
...So you think about that kind of thing too, huh?
(...I guess he doesn't have any plans to leave the force.)
So you mean she's going to be a witness in the trial tomorrow...?
(Now I understand why Wright is always breaking into a cold sweat...)
I wonder if Maya is alright? I could never show my face to Wright again if something were to happen to her.
...
I wonder if there is another way to get across to the other side? The support wires for the bridge are still intact, correct?
(In any case, I just hope Maya is alright...)
What about Pearl...? Has no one seen her at all since last night?
But it's true that she was with Elise Deauxnim at some point last night?
D-Don't jump to any crazy conclusions!
...I came back because I need to ask you a few more questions, if you don't mind.
...Iris. Please remember. I'm on your side. You can tell me anything.
I just finished speaking with the head nun of Hazakura Temple. She testified very clearly as to what happened. She said she saw you stab Ms. Elise Deauxnim with a sword.
And one other thing. She said that when Maya Fey began her training at the Inner Temple... ...you were there as well.
When I spoke with you last, you claimed that you never went to the Inner Temple. And yet, Sister Bikini says she met with you at the Inner Temple that very night.
(Hmm... It looks like she's unwilling to tell me the whole truth. I wonder if I'll find the answers I'm looking for if I break those Psycholocks?)
This letter... It appears to be addressed to you.
(She's not giving me a straight answer for some reason. I'm going to have to find someone else who can give me more information about this.)
Yes, it is. Have you ever seen it before?
(And apparently, the head nun witnessed the whole sad affair... She saw you stabbing Ms. Elise Deauxnim with this very sword last night...)
(Knowing Larry... ...this woman is exactly the type that he would fall in love with at first sight.)
...I'd like to ask you about Sister Bikini, the head of Hazakura Temple.
As if she were your real mother...?
Forgive me for sounding rude, but what about your family?
... (Whatever else anyone has to say about this Iris woman... ...I can't exactly say she's the best judge of character.)
...Oh?
(That's quite an appetite for such a little girl...)
2 PSYCHE-LOCKS
Since I have been handed this case, it is my duty to dig up all the answers. Understand?
The smallest flame can sometimes bathe a case in a whole new light... In my years in court, I've seen it happen over and over again. That's why I'm committed to searching until I have those answers. Now then, is it really true that you didn't go to the Inner Temple last night...?
...Yes. You said you didn't go because you were frightened.
If that's the case... ...then the obvious question is, "What were you so afraid of?"
Iris... I wonder. Is this what frightened you so much that you couldn't even leave your own room!?
Leads to:
Perhaps THIS is what you were afraid of! ...Well!?
Huh...? Why is your voice trembling like that?
Urk! (Blast! I must be trying too hard to bluff.) ...Please excuse me. I'm still not used to this role I've been assigned.
Anyway... I'm still determined to find the answers to this mystery.
I found this in the Main Hall. It is addressed to you.
Well, Iris...?
You were scared of the blackmailer who wrote this to you, isn't that correct!?
(Was it the evidence or the power of my glare that broke that lock...? Oh well, I don't suppose it matters either way.)
...Yes?
A "prank"?
... Hmm... I wonder about that.
No, you may not have anything to hide under normal circumstances. However! Last night was different.
Unfortunately, I don't know the exact nature of your secret yet. However...! Whatever it is... ...there is one person you didn't want your secret told to!
Leads to:
Well, Iris?
...! Why do you say that...!?
(How could she have known about that...? Is she peering into my soul!?) ...It's true that there is a deep-seated darkness in my heart. However, the only way I can get rid of it is to fully uncover the truth!
Phoenix Wright...
You mean something to Wright, it seems... And I can tell he holds a special place in your heart as well. That's why you didn't want him, of all people, to know your deep, dark secret. Well? What do you have to say?
What is this "Heavenly Hall" the letter mentions?
A small shack, huh...?
Hmm... Where is it on this map...?
So is this the secret that you locked away in your heart?
(It looks as though I may have to visit this "Heavenly Hall" now. Maybe I'll find some sign of our mystery blackmailer.)
In any case, you still claim to have never left your room last night?
The trial starts tomorrow... I promise you, I will win. I'm going to win so that you and Phoenix Wright can see each other again.
But when I do... ...you must promise me that you will tell him your secret.
Why would you say that?
Tsk! Someone's here! Hide yourself, Detective!
Shh! Be quiet and listen!
("Done that"? What did he do, I wonder...)
*glare* (Gumshoe... You oaf...!)
...You've watched too many trials.
OK, Larry, the jig is up. What have you got to say for yourself?
If it had iced over, Wright would have been in some serious trouble.
(...Not exactly what I meant, but alright...)
It's a little far, but I have a pretty clear view of Dusky Bridge from here.
...? What is it, Larry?
(Something about that statement smells... And you know what they say...)
These go all the way to Dusky Bridge. It's a pretty long, but easy, walk.
What is this festive-looking ornament?
W-Well, I...
Be quiet already! I'll never forget the shame of that day! You want a crane! I can now make a perfect quarter-inch crane without a single flaw!
(Grr... This is exactly why I hate childhood friends...)
Larry. Do you know what the difference between graffiti and true art is?
... (I should've seen that one coming.)
The straw roof is totally covered with freshly fallen powdery snow.
Heavenly Hall... I suppose it's an appropriate name in some sense.
... You would do well to remember, Larry... ...that this is a sacred place to some people.
What is this little shack anyway?
And why were you down here in the first place?
(One thing's for sure... No one is likely to show up and disturb you here...)
Why are you so sure she's innocent? Because she's cute?
...
Something tells me he would be shocked, indeed.
Hmm... If we really want to know the answer to that... (...we're going to have to drag him onto the witness stand.)
Come to think of it, you still haven't answered my question. Where were you and what were you doing last night?
...
Something incredible?
(Why hasn't he realized... ...that I absolutely despise talking about the "good old days", especially with him?)
What exactly did you see last night?
(I have the strangest urge to smash this guy against those big, nasty locks...)
What is it, Larry?
(There's something missing...?)
(Well if that isn't the pot calling the kettle black...)
...Or something worse.
Yes, well... Apparently she hasn't been seen the whole morning.
Excuse me?
...!
(Now I feel like I'm the bad guy in all of this...)
3 PSYCHE-LOCKS
Alright, now you're going to tell me what you really saw last night...
...Huh? (That was a bit too easy...)
...And then?
Dusky Bridge caught on fire!? Are you saying you saw it with your own eyes?
(Hmm... There are still 3 Psycholocks remaining... That means he's still trying to hide something...) By the way, Larry... Where were you when you saw that happen?
What do you mean, "What do I mean"!? ...Just answer the question!
As usual, you're as transparent as an empty jelly jar. The problem, I suspect, lies there...
It's impossible for you to have seen lightning strike Dusky Bridge from your room!
Leads to:
Look at this, Larry!
Oh, sorry... (It's cold alright... The water... And my evidence.)
Um, yes... I'm going to think it over again.
This is a map of the area. Take a look around the vicinity of Hazakura Temple.
I think that should be fairly obvious. The Main Hall is surrounded by trees and it's impossible to see the bridge from here.
...Well? How about it?
Do you feel like talking now?
... (It looks like it won't be that easy after all...) ...You leave me no choice. I'll have to move on to the next step. You weren't in your room at the temple. So then... Where were you?
(So where was Larry, and why was he there...? If I've read the situation up to this point correctly, the answer is fairly obvious.) ...Very well then. Let's test my theory. The place you witnessed lightning striking Dusky Bridge from was... here!
Leads to:
This is where you were! Well, what do you think, Larry!?
... I'm sorry, but what kind of answer is that?
...Larry. Look at the expression on my face. Do I look like I was just making small talk?
(It appears I didn't think it through carefully enough.)
The place you saw the lightning strike from was naturally Heavenly Hall!
Larry... How do you know that anyway? How do you know there's no electricity? After all, it's not that dark yet.
In other words, you have just provided evidence to prove my theory... My theory that you've at least once in your life visited Heavenly Hall after sunset!
...That's nice. Now tell me. What were you doing at this cold little shack last night?
I think you mean "affaire de coeur". Could it be you were... waiting for someone?
I believe that last night, you were waiting for this person to come meet you!
Leads to:
...Well, Larry!? Was it THIS person...?
Tsk...!
(Well, I'd rather "work too hard" than "hardly work" like a loafaholic like you...) In any case... I know you were waiting for someone!
No, Larry. You mean "affaire de coeur". At least I think you do.
There's only one person you'd wait for in a horrible place like this, Larry.
The person you were waiting for was... Iris!
No doubt because of my chilly glare.
(This is where I draw the line and end this ridiculous little game...) Here's the evidence that you were waiting for Iris...
Leads to:
... I-Is it just me?
Now, I'm the one that suddenly feels cold...
(Grr... I hate making such stupid mistakes...)
...Here's your evidence. You called her to this spot with a pathetic blackmail letter!
That's not important! ...I misjudged you, Larry.
Taking advantage of a woman's frailty like that! You should be ashamed of yourself!
First of all, what's this at the top of the letter? It says, "Salutation here"!
You're not supposed to actually write that! That's where you're supposed to write, "Dear Iris,"!
So you were here in Heavenly Hall last night, were you not, Larry? And you saw the lightning hit Dusky Bridge, didn't you?
Wh-What did you just say!?
O-Oh? Then what is this secret you mention!?
... Alright, then why did you send a love letter in a business-like manila envelope!?
... ...
That's it? That's all those huge locks were about? I-I don't understand why you were so defensive...
What do you mean, Detective?
(Hmm... He's right!) Larry!
What was this "something incredible" you saw last night...? ...You're going to tell me, Larry! One way or another!
Yes, and I believe it was the incredible sight you saw. But now that I think about it, something doesn't quite ring true.
If that's all there is to your story, your heart wouldn't have had all those locks! Yes, Larry... I believe you saw something last night. Something more incredible than lightning.
...Nooooooooooooooooooo!
D-Does this mean I have to do it all over again?
(I've just about had it with this harlequin... If I really want to drag the truth out of him... ...I'll just have to drag him to the witness stand!)
There aren't any clues here.
(It looks like I still don't have enough information. I need to investigate further and gather some more evidence...)
(Blast it...! I've made too many errors...!)
Apparently... he isn't aware of your real secret at all.
This is no time to be embarrassed!
Worry not... And in any case, whatever it was that he saw on the night of the incident... Mark my words, I will drag it out him!
...No. I believe that nun... will be the first to take the stand.
She claims to have seen the very instant in which you carried out the crime.
I just want to ask you one last time. It really wasn't you who killed Ms. Elise Deauxnim, correct?
...Very well then.
...Yes?
Don't worry. ...I've taken the necessary steps.
...Iris. It is a prosecutor's job to doubt people.
But right now... I am a defense attorney. A defense attorney's job is to believe in people, and to believe until the bitter end. That's what a friend of mine told me once.
You may pass judgment on me from the defendant's chair. You are the one to decide... ...whether or not I am able to do the task I have been entrusted.
The defense is ready, Your Honor.
...Indeed.
Yes, Your Honor?
...I believe you are imagining things, Your Honor.
...I have no objection to the whip.
The prosecution can wield a whip or drink seventeen cups of coffee... But there is still only one truth. That is what I stand here to prove today!
...I see you brought your flair for the histrionic.
(And so it begins... My first and my last trial... as a defense attorney!)
If I recall correctly... ...there are a few milk crates in the defendant's lobby for witnesses with bad backs.
In any case... Witness. I hear that you saw the crime take place on the night in question.
(That sounds like a pretty important statement she just made...)
...
What is this Inner Temple...?
And how exactly do you help with this process...?
(A tutor with a whip, in your case.) If that is the case... ...then why did you return to Hazakura Temple, where the murder took place?
Violently...?
On the night of the murder, was this fabulous back of yours hurting again...?
You "left Iris to help"... With what?
Just to confirm this point again, that night... ...you met Iris in the Inner Temple, correct?
...Witnesses have to undergo their own trials, I'm afraid. The defendant's fate rests on their powers of observation and memory, after all.
In that case, Ms. Honcho... I'd like you to explain something for me. The discrepancy between your testimony and that of the defendant, Iris. She claims that after ringing the lights out bell, she went back and stayed in her room. ...Which means! She did not go to the Inner Temple at all!
But that is completely illogical. The murder was committed in the courtyard of Hazakura Temple. Claiming that she "went to the Inner Temple" would make for a much better alibi.
...Understood, Your Honor. (I was naïve to think that alone would do the trick.)
Are you sure that you're not making a mistake...?
Nngh...!
(Still, I have to wonder...)
Leads to:
...So you returned to the Hazakura Temple in order to take a bath?
How long were you in the bath for, if you don't mind me asking?
...?
W-What are you going on about!? I was... Gwah!
(Is there some sort of "Kick Me" sign stuck to the defense's bench!?)
The crime took place in the courtyard, correct...?
(There is indeed only one problem with this testimony. If I can clearly point out what it is, then I can begin to quantify... ...just how good this witness's memory and observation skills are.)
...Witness. Let's get one thing straight. The defendant whom you claim to have met... ...she was wearing this "Demon-Warding Hood", correct?
That's the question of the day, now isn't it... Ms. von Karma? I'll have you know that this hood was given to someone as a gift that night. Before the lights out bell was rung.
...You know where I'm going with this, don't you? If the witness had seen the defendant as she claims... ...the defendant couldn't have been wearing this very hood!
(It's not a bad feeling at all, exposing contradictions like this... Now I understand that happy look on Wright's face every time he does it...)
(I'm sorry to break this to you, Ms. von Karma... but you won't get away that easily. Discrepancies such as this will sow seeds in any human heart. The seeds of doubt.)
(Those seeds of doubt are sprouting in the Judge's heart. They just need a little more stimulation to bear fruit... Contradictory stimulation.)
(This judge... His imagination is about as vivid and creative as Detective Gumshoe...)
Calling everyone by their full name... Can't you do something about that habit of yours?
...How far is it from your room to the Inner Temple?
You say you heard a noise...?
...This is the second time that the witness has testified to seeing the defendant. But... some doubt remains in these claims.
The murderer who stabbed the victim with the sword... Sister Bikini, try to recall exactly who it was you saw! As clearly as you can!
...Please, don't keep us in suspense.
...Urk!
(...This line of questioning is only going to tear the wound open further.) These statements are as useless as the investigations of a certain detective. ...There is no need to record them.
(This may initially appear to put me at a disadvantage... But, I can't see any other leads at the moment...) ...Your Honor. I would like these new statements to be added to the testimony.
You are sure about that...?
...There's absolutely no need to explain yourself.
(At least then it might bite you and not someone else...)
The room the victim was staying in overlooked the courtyard, correct?
What makes you so sure of all this...?
(There's only two of them working there...!)
...
Leads to:
(...It doesn't feel like she is lying. This is very powerful testimony, too. She claims to have seen the instant in which the defendant stabbed the victim... There are only two things I can believe in right now... My client, Iris, and my own abilities as a defense attorney.)
...Impressive logic. That's what I'd like to say, anyway.
However... I think you are overlooking one thing. ...Ms. von Karma. Would you be so kind as to take another look at the autopsy report?
The victim did fall from a height of 10 feet. ...However. This fall... was after she was killed.
The scene the witness claims to have seen is contradictory! If the defendant stabbed and killed the victim there in the courtyard... ...how did the victim then go on to take a ten foot fall!?
Were there any signs of a struggle in Ms. Deauxnim's room...?
She was stabbed with a sword! That would leave a blood stain, wouldn't you agree?
Indeed. With the weapon still in place... ...it acts like a lid on the wound.
(I'd expect no less from Franziska von Karma... She locates and takes control of every vital point!)
(...With the whip?)
("Perfection" is an impossibility, Franziska von Karma... And I'm here to teach you just that...)
At that time... was the victim bleeding?
In any case... Let's be clear on one very important point. Did you actually see the instant in which the victim was stabbed!?
...Think carefully. This is very important.
(It might not be conclusive, but... ...this testimony supports her theory.)
Smoothly, you say... You're saying you saw the sword smoothly slide out?
(Is that really the case...? I can't help but feel that something about this testimony is very out of place... That something which couldn't possibly have happened... appears to have happened.)
Leads to:
...So you're saying that you saw the victim's blood?
Wh-What!? (Her clothes were blood-flecked as well...?)
(What should I do...? Press this point further?)
(I can't afford to make things look any worse for the defendant. I'll bide my time for now.)
Going back to your previous statement... ...you said that you saw little bleeding when the victim was stabbed. But now... you say you saw the victim bleeding...?
Pulling the sword out...?
(More important than you can imagine...)
Was the bleeding caused by the killer removing the sword...?
...Don't you think that's a bit odd?
Why would the killer pull out the sword?
If all she wanted to do was place the weapon in the hand of the gold statue... ...then there was no reason to remove it from the body. All that would've accomplished is causing the victim to bleed unnecessarily. ...Your thoughts, Ms. von Karma?
(I'm going to need to find an answer to this mystery, too...)
Now, on to what the killer did next... You saw none of it? Correct?
...I shall have words with the offender personally. What did you see upon awakening...?
By "Mystic Ami", you are referring to the golden statue, correct?
It is easy to despise something. Anyone can do it. However, there is something that cannot be done so easily...
Exactly why would the killer set up this gruesome scene? Can anyone explain the reasoning behind that?
("There isn't always"... That phrase might come in handy someday.)
(There are too many unnatural elements in this case... Why was it necessary to use the Shichishito from the Ami statue as a weapon? Why was the weapon finally placed back in the hand of the statue? If I can expose the flaws in this testimony, perhaps then I will begin to find the truth.)
Sister Bikini. You are a reliable witness... At least, I'd like to think so. But there are too many contradictions here.
In the scene that the witness claims to have seen... ...the weapon was thrust up to its hilt into the victim. Furthermore... the killer withdrew the weapon smoothly from the body. ...However! Both of these are complete impossibilities!
To start with... Do you think it would be possible to stab someone to the hilt with this? No matter how I look at the defendant, she doesn't appear strong enough for that.
...That isn't the only issue here. If this sword was truly stabbed into the body up to the hilt... Well, just look at all the branches on it. It certainly wouldn't come out smoothly.
We also have the problem of the amount of bleeding. It's true that when a blade is left in a body, it acts as a "plug" of sorts. However! When the weapon is shaped like this, it's an entirely different story. The wound would be too large for the blade to completely stop from bleeding!
I'm not finished. There is still one more... conclusive contradiction.
...This one is simple. If this sword really was thrust in all the way to the hilt... ...why is there only blood on the tip of it?
If this witness is telling the truth... Then there should be blood along the entire length of the sword!
...Having come this far, there can only be one answer.
The weapon used to kill the victim... ...was not the Shichishito!
Let's examine this again. What was it that made us think this sword was the murder weapon?
...Exactly. However! If you reflect on this, that is the only basis we have to assume such a thing. The impression left by the scene was just too strong. That is what influenced us. It influenced us to believe that the Shichishito was the murder weapon!
... If that is so... I would like the prosecution to answer the obvious question it raises.
...Yes. Namely... Where did the real murder weapon disappear to?
It goes without saying that the police searched the Main Hall and the surrounding area. ...Perhaps the prosecution can enlighten us as to if a "sword-like object" was found.
You what!?
(Impossible...! What else... What else could this old woman have seen!?)
(Did she really go to the river to dispose of the murder weapon...?)
...You are sure about the time?
(Her estimation of the time seems reliable, at least.)
You asked Phoenix Wright to report the crime, correct?
(It seems she is the type to hold a grudge...)
He had forgotten it at home, apparently.
As I recall, there was a snowmobile outside the Main Gate when I visited.
Now, you're certain the snowmobile was there at the Main Gate when you arrived?
(...I'm not sure if this is really relevant... What should I do...?)
(...I need answers to every possible doubt.) The snowmobile in question... Was it still warm at that time?
(...I'm playing to a slow crowd here.) It goes without saying that using a snowmobile will heat its engine. If it was still warm, then it means it was recently used.
Then answer the question please, witness.
...Hmm.
(There wasn't any snow on it!? Curses!)
(It looks very likely that the snowmobile is related to this case. I can't help but think that Iris used it... But for what...? I'd better hold off on this... for now.)
In that case... why didn't you use it yourself? You could've spared yourself some walking.
Refresh our memory. How long were you knocked out for...?
...I have to concede that is more than enough time.
...
Leads to:
While it would have been possible, time-wise... ...one element remains out of place here.
The killer's reasoning, Your Honor. "Why did the killer do all of this?" Why go to the Eagle River to dispose of the murder weapon when there are other methods?
(She's as over the top as always...)
Leads to:
(Another mystery to feed the fire... "Was there any reason to go and throw away the murder weapon"...? Luckily, there is surely a problem with this testimony. Now all I have to do is start poking holes in this flawed account...)
I admit this photograph proves something. It proves that the snowmobile was used on the night of the murder.
However... If what the witness says is true, why is there only one set of tracks?
Iris left Hazakura Temple, threw the weapon into the river, and then returned. If this was the case, then naturally there should be two sets of tracks in the snow! Those from heading out to the bridge, and those from coming back.
...?
(Is there a flaw in her theory...? This idea that the snowfall covered one set of tracks...?)
...The tracks leading to the bridge were covered by the snow.
I do not have any evidence that can dispute this claim.
Whaaaaat!?
...Your Honor! Please, wait a moment.
There is one gaping hole in Ms. von Karma's claim!
Nngh... (I should have noticed it sooner...!)
The tracks to the river were covered by snow... What a nice theory. However, Ms. von Karma... That is impossible.
...No need. The evidence will do all of the talking for me.
Leads to:
Witness! Please tell us again what time it was when you witnessed the crime.
...Of course, this means that the weapon was thrown away after that time, correct? On that note... Please take a look at this data. It is the weather report for Eagle Mountain on the night of the murder.
Snow started to fall at 7 PM... But it stopped at around 10:50.
Therefore! When the Sister witnessed the crime at 11 PM... ...the snow had already stopped falling! It is impossible for any tracks made after that time to have been covered up!
...
W-What!? (How did she pull that off!?)
(I've come this far... There's no turning back now.) ...Very well. I, too, cannot allow any doubt to remain concerning this testimony.
Leads to:
Judge:
...!
(This evidence is only going to freeze my case solid.)
Even if it is snowing in my heart... At the time of the murder... it had already stopped snowing at Hazakura Temple!
Here is the evidence! What do you have to say, Your Honor...?
... Nothing else...?
Nngh...!
(According to the witness's testimony, the incident occurred after 11 PM... In which case... ...there has to be evidence that can undeniably prove something doesn't match up!)
Ultimately, it all comes down to one point. That being... Whether or not it was snowing in that courtyard when the victim was stabbed...
Incredibly easy.
If we want to know whether it was snowing or not, this photo will tell us everything. Of course, I am referring to the photo of the crime scene. As you can see... everything is covered with snow. ...With just one exception.
The victim herself, Ms. Elise Deauxnim! Why is there no snow on top of her...? The answer is simple! It had stopped snowing when she was killed, that's why!
In other words! If the killer really did go to the Eagle River to dispose of the murder weapon... ...then in this photograph, there should be two sets of tracks!
(To be honest... I am not entirely sure myself. But...) This is simply what all of the facts point to. That night... someone used the snowmobile to leave Hazakura Temple. From the tracks left, it can be understood that they were heading for Dusky Bridge. At that time... it was still snowing.
Then when this person returned to Hazakura Temple... ...the snow had stopped. Thus, the return tracks remained.
...!
(But... Iris said that she never went there... I should probably press on this point some more when I get the chance...)
B-But that... isn't possible!
So then what was the snowmobile used for...? It wasn't taken by the defendant when she went to the Inner Temple. If it had been, then the witness couldn't possibly have seen it by the gate. Furthermore... it wasn't used by the killer to dispose of the murder weapon. If that was the case, there should be two sets of tracks in this photo. All we know is this... After it stopped snowing... someone used the snowmobile to return to Hazakura Temple!
(I never thought a simple snowmobile could cause so much trouble...)
(A witness, huh...)
(Hold on... Something is coming to me... An idiot may well have gone wandering out on that sub-arctic night!)
...Your Honor! I actually have an idea... There may be one individual able to help us.
I don't know for sure if he saw it or not... But there are two things about him that do come to mind.
First... that he saw "something incredible" on the night of the murder.
This individual that I am thinking of went wandering outside on that cold night... In other words, he is our kind of idiot.
Leads to:
Judge:
I-I did think so, however... Aaah!
Cool off before you try to take me on again! Ungh...! (What was I thinking!? This is the perfect chance to drag him onto the stand!)
This is Larry Butz... The student of the victim, Elise Deauxnim.
T-That's... (I could tell them all about his designs for Iris... But it may cost us his credibility as a witness... Before I even call him.) He is, after all, an artist. He was, perhaps, searching for something in the snowy scenery that would move him. ...Although I cannot guarantee that this is the reason.
I intend to extract that from him, right here in this courtroom.
I believe he is in the gallery for this trial. It will not take long to summon him.
(Larry... You may have escaped me yesterday... But today I'm going to get everything out of you!)
Iris. We only have 20 minutes. There are two things which I need to ask you before we reconvene.
First, about that night. You really didn't go to the Inner Temple, correct? The last witness claims to have met and talked with you in the Training Hall. Either you or Sister Bikini... ...is lying.
...Very well. The second thing, then. That night, the temple snowmobile was used in between the time Sister Bikini... ...returned to the Main Hall and when she bore witness to the murder. Sometime between 10:30 and 11 PM that night. Were you the one who used the snowmobile?
So it was you...! But... why? ...What made you go out to Dusky Bridge?
Iris...
Yet...?
Her?
(The "acolyte", huh... She's must be talking about Maya...)
... Iris. Look me in the eye and tell me the truth. Did you kill Elise Deauxnim?
... (As I thought... no Psycholock...) ...Very well. It is my job to get to the truth. You'll discover this for yourself soon enough.
Suspicious behavior...?
(It would seem that whip is going to see plenty more use today...)
...Larry... This isn't an art store, now is it...?
I presume he wanted to say "field work"... I hope.
(It's kind of sad that I was able to understand his mangled train wreck of a sentence...)
...He's recently been the cause of numerous incidents. I think he's finally realized for himself... ...just how much of a nuisance he has been to other people!
...
This one single statement is so full of contradictions... For a moment there, I thought I was going to collapse.
...
A number of times...? How many?
Which means... ...you spent almost two hours at Heavenly Hall that night?
It was this man's intention to summon the defendant to the small shack. ...Using this blackmail letter.
(Being called those names doesn't seem to bother him at all...)
...Larry! You really didn't see it?
... Larry. Say "snowmobile" for me, please?
If you truly have nothing to hide... ...then why are you stammering like you just flew over a cuckoo's nest!?
(It seems that I'll need to start from a more obvious contradiction. I'm going to strike the blow that will finally get him to spill the beans!)
You didn't meet anyone?
...Indeed.
Leads to:
(It seems that he's going to claim to have nothing to do with this to the end. I don't want this guy to cost us any more time... I need to slice through his obvious contradictions and keep things moving along...)
Larry Butz... I can understand why you might want to throw your old life away. You're pretty pathetic, and you cause all sorts of trouble...
But... Having realized just how much of a nuisance you have been... ...that could be considered a step in the right direction.
However... I cannot forgive you for simply turning away from the incidents you create!
...Now then. Let us talk about the night of the murder. Sister Bikini, after seeing the murder take place, asked Phoenix Wright to report it. Thus, he headed for the public phone by the bridge... There, he happened across a certain nefarious individual! You, Larry Butz!
Larry. What you need to change is your inner self. "What you saw that night"... Testify truthfully! That is all you can do for now.
Oh, don't worry... nothing life-threatening. He just caught a cold.
What did you do out there in the cold for an hour and a half?
...Well, it appears she didn't come at all, in the end.
This "light" was, of course...
Seeing that, what did you do?
You said "right away"... But exactly how long after the strike was that?
And how did Dusky Bridge look when you got there?
(...Well? Should I press him for a little more info?)
(I don't think we can expect any more relevant information... Probably best to turn to other leads.)
So you suddenly thought to "check out" the bridge...? Does this mean that you initially had no intention of doing so?
If that's the case... Why did you change your mind? I would like to hear your reasoning.
...Larry. Let me ask you one thing.
Why didn't you call anyone?
Normally... when faced with a "towering inferno", one would try and tell someone. There is a public phone right by Dusky Bridge, correct?
How did Phoenix Wright look when you met him?
You claim to have arrived at the bridge at the same time as Wright?
(What's this feeling...? I suddenly have a terrible case of unease...!)
Leads to:
...So you decided to go and see what was happening?
(Can we really trust a witness who is unable to pronounce "spectacle"?)
(...He told me about the burning bridge yesterday. But there's still something that doesn't quite fit... It looks like... ...despite his change of heart, Larry still isn't telling us the whole truth.)
Your very existence being a contradiction, I'm not sure if you can grasp this or not...
But your testimony is conclusively contradictory. The problem here... is time.
...This is much more simple. You saw the lightning strike Dusky Bridge... ...and immediately went to see what had happened. ...Is this correct?
...I have the weather data from the night of the murder here. According to this, the lightning fell at 10:45 PM. You say it takes less than five minutes from the shack to Dusky Bridge. Meaning you probably got there at around 11 PM.
That is impossible.
11 PM is when the murder occurred in Hazakura Temple. Thus... Wright was still there, in the courtyard. There is no way that Larry could have encountered him at Dusky Bridge at that time!
...Watch your footing there, Ms. Franziska von Karma. The slope ahead is slippery! For there is still no way that Wright could have been at Dusky Bridge at 11 PM!
It is clearly written here in the weather data report. It took around 30 minutes for the bridge to burn out. Therefore! The bridge must have been burning until at least 11:15 PM!
Wright did not see the bridge as it was burning that night. He did not arrive there until after the flames had died down! ...Larry! You arrived at the bridge at 11 PM. Wright did not make it there until at least 11:15... Are you still trying to hide something from us!? What happened during these missing 15 minutes!?
Really...? The bridge is burning before your eyes, and there is a phone right next to it. Why, then, did you not report the accident?
That is the problem here... Even after the bridge burnt out, he was still there! He simply stood there and didn't report anything.
This might be Larry we are talking about, but even he is incapable of being so stupid. There has to be a reason for his inaction!
...Just as I thought, you've been playing with us all this time.
Y-Yes...
(...Including the truth, from the sound of it!)
Not at all, Your Honor. One very large doubt still remains.
This is a surprisingly believable story, especially considering the source... So why did he think he needed to hide it from us until now? I intend to drag the reason out of him!
Tell us, Larry...
That's what he calls himself, in any case.
Yet again, that's what he calls himself.
(That is a very big issue, indeed.)
S-Sketching!? The burning bridge?
... What? "Came with it"...?
(What should I do...? I've got a terrible feeling that the instant this sketch is revealed... ...the entire world may be changed by what is depicted there...!)
...I cannot recommend looking at the sketch. His "works of art" are a force of nature best measured on the Richter scale.
...Larry. I wonder if you could show us your sketch. Please?
...Imagined what?
(Nngh... This is going to get ugly... No one has the bravery to bring it up, it seems... This... mysterious flying object...) ...Larry.
The burning bridge is fine. But... What is that unfortunate looking figure...?
However much I might want to ignore it... I can't.
... Larry, please. Answer this next question honestly.
Are you REALLY claiming to have seen this? Are you claiming to have seen the silhouette of the defendant... ...flying over a bridge that was engulfed in flames...?
Are...!
What? Me...!?
Y-Yes, Your Honor... (Looks like I've got another reason to remember this moron...)
...Could the reason you were so excited be...?
(If only you'd be so kind as to fly out of all of our lives...!)
Just where did you see this sight from!?
(Yes... This sketch doesn't make any sense... I just need to convince the artist that his work is ludicrous.)
Leads to:
The burning bridge moved you that much, did it? ...I find that hard to believe.
You forgot the passage of time to that extent, did you?
(That's true... He's always been that way. I guess he's not lying about that, at least.)
(There is a big clue waiting for me in this cross-examination... This testimony does nothing less than mock the court... But I am sure that there is a vital kernel of truth hidden in it somewhere!)
Larry. What did you really see that night...? Not that I particularly care.
If that is truly the case... Then there is one thing that we can say for certain.
That the person who flew over the bridge... ...could not have been the defendant, Iris!
...Tell us, Larry. According to this picture... ...the individual whom you say you saw was wearing a hood. Correct?
...Larry, there's something you need to be made aware of. On the night of the murder... Iris wasn't wearing her hood. She had given it to Wright as a gift! Are you going to change your story now? Perhaps suggest it was Wright who took flight!?
...I think you understand what I mean just fine.
Eh...?
W-What...!?
Definitive...?
(...You've been serving us a whopping serving of pain this whole time. Trust me.)
And it was half-buried in the snow...?
(What!? A blood stain...!?)
(...Didn't you want to be called "Laurice Deauxnim" only a few minutes ago!?)
...So, you went to the burning bridge?
(It must be lovely to live in the fantasyland of Larry's mind... Actually, it's so depressing that I can't even work up the energy to point...)
So you searched all over for her?
... (Can one guy really be this stupid?) So, did you find any signs of her so-called "landing"?
... (Yup. There's stupid, and then there's Larry Butz.)
Half-buried...?
It does indeed look very much like the crystal sphere on Iris's hood... But need I remind you that she was not wearing her hood that night?
Leads to:
Each nun is assigned their own hood! And they are assigned only one!
(This is getting us nowhere... Our destination for the day, it seems.)
(That is the question I aim to answer.)
Leads to:
Let me confirm this one last time, Larry. The reasons you thought that this was "Iris"... ...are the hood and this crystal sphere, correct?
Leads to:
(This case isn't going to end without a fight... Exposing the obvious contradictions in this testimony will be easy... But I fear that all that awaits us are further mysteries!)
...Larry. That night... There was someone. Someone who lost a crystal sphere.
Ms. Elise Deauxnim! The mentor to a stupid idiot!
I have a photo of her here. And on the end of her staff, you can see a familiar looking crystal sphere.
(They look nothing alike!) In any case... please take a look at this. This is the victim's staff, found at the scene of the crime!
If anyone jumped... or flew across the bridge that night... ...it certainly was not Iris! After all... She was not wearing her hood! More importantly... ...the crystal sphere found at the "landing site" was not hers either!
You honestly believe that...?
...Ms. Franziska von Karma. The only people who will accept that explanation... are scatterbrains and clowns!
The victim's crystal sphere was found, near the bridge, on the night of her murder. Yet you expect us to believe this has nothing to do with the case!?
(She makes a valid point... There is no evidence that Elise Deauxnim left Hazakura Temple that night. ...However, if somehow this crystal sphere... ...can be proven to have been dropped before the victim was killed... ...then this case is going to transform into something else entirely!)
(Can I prove it...? Can I prove that the crystal sphere was dropped before the murder took place...?)
("Can I prove it...?" That isn't the issue. To simply "prove it". That's the only option! That's what he'd do... That's the way Phoenix Wright would do this!)
(No matter how I look at it, it's not possible... It is certainly strange that the crystal sphere was found near the bridge. But perhaps it is just a curve ball from the killer.)
...!
... (Wright... At this moment, I'm standing where you should be. Which means there's only one thing to do! Think like you!)
...Your Honor. Allow me to prove something to you. I will prove that this crystal sphere is a vital link to solving this case!
That should come as no surprise. (Because right now, I am Phoenix Wright, and I am indeed cornered...!)
Leads to:
Judge:
(His cheering... It's as though I'm listening to the ominous caws of ravens!)
O-One more chance, Your Honor. I can't turn back after coming all this way. (The time of the murder and when the crystal sphere was dropped... I need to find proof that the latter happened first!)
This crystal sphere... It was half-buried in the snow, correct?
...That's all I needed to hear from you, Larry. ...Your testimony makes one thing quite clear.
When the crystal sphere was dropped, it was snowing, even if it was ever so slightly...
On the other hand, let us look at the scene of the murder. As proven earlier today... there is no snow on the victim's body.
...Therefore! The crystal sphere must have been dropped before the murder!
On the night of the murder the victim did indeed go to Dusky Bridge! And there, something occurred that caused this crystal sphere to come loose!
This sphere... There is some blood on it, isn't there?
Allow me to raise a certain possibility at this junction! The real crime scene was near the foot of Dusky Bridge!
Just who is the fool? And which part is so foolish, Ms. von Karma?
...That's not exactly true, now is it? To put it more precisely, what she saw was... ...the murder weapon being removed from the victim's body.
...No, it isn't!
...You said it yourself.
If that statement is the truth... ...then Dusky Bridge could very easily be the scene of the murder. The murder weapon was not removed! Thus, there was no bleeding!
(I've made it this far... The only place to take this is to the end! I just need to prove the possibility it happened as I presume...!)
Leads to:
(No... That isn't it... I'm on the wrong track here. I need to charge on through this... Even if it makes things look bad for my client...!)
On that snowy night... ...there is one way that a body could have been moved. The snowmobile.
As we know... the snowmobile was used that night. It was explained as having been used to dispose of the murder weapon... But it could also have been used to carry a body!
What do you mean!?
Heh... You're too late... Franziska von Karma. And in fact, the defense has proven something else entirely. We have shown that this case requires further investigation!
...Where was the victim, Elise Deauxnim really killed? ...If her body was moved, whatever for? And finally... Just what does this image mean?
...This witness certainly sits on one of the lowest possible branches of humanity. However! He would never utter a lie that could hurt a girl with whom he is enamored! He drew this, so it is something that actually happened. The defense stands firm on this point.
(Wright... I seem to have fulfilled my part in this...) It is just as I thought. Franziska von Karma... You make a wonderful partner.
There was one reason, and one alone, for me being here. To expose the darkness lurking in this case, and then pass it on to Wright!
A shame that your chance seems to have slipped by you.
(And with this... The rest is up to you... Wright...)
Your Honor! What do you think of the witness's statement!?
Hmph... You say that with such gusto that I suppose I must agree that is all there is to it.
(It would appear that even I can make mistakes...)
This evidence clearly reveals the contradiction in that statement, Your Honor!
Well done, Your Honor.
I was only testing you just now.
(It looks like I shouldn't have spoken in haste...)
That statement contradicts the data provided by this piece of evidence!
Forgive me, Your Honor, but you yourself just said that it does!
(Curses... It appears I have yet to adjust to being on this side of the courtroom.)
Wright... Are you sure you're well enough to be doing this? You still look a little green in the face.
We're not in the clear yet. The main point of contention tomorrow is going to be the murder weapon.
In the end, the Shichishito did not deliver the deadly blow. Which means there must be another sword hiding out there that we don't know about...
Heh... That is probably for the best. Actually, I was thinking about paying the old precinct a little visit. There's something I want to look into...
Our client's background, naturally.
I have the feeling that we've met before.
All I want is confirmation, one way or the other. And since I probably won't be getting that from you...
I bid you adieu, Wright. ...Take care.
Godot managed to mobilize the police by claiming a state of emergency.
...Alright. Let's hurry to the Inner Temple then. ...I'll see you later, Wright.
... Sorry, Wright. I can't allow you to come with us.
I hate to be the one to break it to you, but... ...Maya Fey is in a rather... delicate position.
... This isn't simply a rescue operation, Wright. It's also an investigation. That being the case... we can't allow members of the public to interfere.
If anything happens, you'll be the first to know. ...Please understand, Wright.
From now on, consider anything beyond Dusky Bridge to be off limits. We'll be going now... Excuse us.
...Wright!
Gurgh... H-How could I have...? ...
Sh-She's gone...
The defendant... Iris... She's... gone...
She fled... She escaped!
...
I should've known better than to escort the defendant alone! As soon as the ground started shaking, everything went dark before my eyes and... ...I stupidly passed out!
... That's no excuse for letting the suspect get away... I can't believe I let it happen. Wright, the Inner Temple area is a dead end, so she only could've escaped to this side.
Then we need to get a manhunt underway now, and search Eagle Mountain from top to bottom!
Don't be ridiculous! Why would I? The Inner Temple is like an island. There's no way to escape but to cross...
What are you talking about?
Wright...
... Alright. Let's go!
Wright, is this what Godot was talking about?
Now then, Iris. Please remove these at once.
What!?
If only I was stronger...!
Like you're one to talk with your face all green.
Don't be ridiculous! I'm perfectly finngh!
...... ... Understood. I'll handle the investigation in the garden... You take care of things here.
*mutter, mutter* How could I have done that...?
Aaaah! ...
...What do you want, Wright?
If you came here to laugh at me, then get on with it. Go on! Laugh away!
Y-Yes... ...And thanks to what I found, I was reminded of something terrible.
There's just one thing that's troubling me. Everything else is covered in snow or frozen over... ...but the ice in this bowl has been broken by someone.
Don't be ridiculous, Wright! No detective would be that careless at a crime scene!
It belonged to the victim. We're sure of that now. It's going in the evidence room once the investigation is over, so hands off, Wright.
Well, our dear friend Larry just tried to steal it when no one was looking.
Accordingly to Detective Gumshoe, they were lit on the night of the murder.
Except... Apparently, they don't light these torches for training sessions.
I heard that too much light isn't conducive to spiritual training.
Someone must have cleared it away. What other explanation is there? Of course, I played the "What If?" game as well... But when I asked our trusty bungler, Detective Gumshoe, he said it wasn't him.
I suppose you've noticed that Maya's name is written on this lantern.
It's written in Ms. Deauxnim's blood. She was probably forced up against the lantern by the killer. Then with her back against the lantern, she wrote that name with her finger. That's why it's written upside-down.
Isn't that the obvious conclusion?
... I don't think that's something I want to discuss with you.
There's a high chance this is the actual scene of the crime. That's why.
Exactly. As you know, those things couldn't have been planted here after the murder.
... We have to treat everyone as a suspect - Maya, as well as Iris. It's our job, Wright.
No... Thankfully, my nightmares have stopped. But still, if the ground gives even the slightest tremor, I find myself short of breath.
Yes. I was stuck in the elevator with my father, who was a defense lawyer. We were deprived of oxygen and we passed out. That's when it happened. That single gunshot... shattered my whole life... I lost everything that day... All because of that earthquake. My dreams, my family... and myself.
You think I don't know that!? I was there! But... It was such a shock. I never imagined I could be so wrong about myself and my life... I'm sorry, Wright... There's nothing else I can say. Not after you chose to become a lawyer for my sake... And not after you saved me...
There was something that bothered me about her from the moment we met. I felt like I'd seen her somewhere before. No... Wait... Not "somewhere"... I felt like I'd seen her in court before.
Yes. I checked over every case file I've ever worked on. And I was right. I had seen her face before, six years ago.
It was my first appearance in court, and as cases go, it was my worse nightmare.
... I'm sorry, Wright. I can't give that information away to a member of the general public.
The woman I knew was the daughter of a jewelry store owner. She had nothing to do with Iris and Hazakura Temple. And neither did the case. No, that woman is completely unrelated to this murder.
Yes. I can say that with complete confidence.
Is that your attorney's badge? Interesting. I never imagined I'd ever see you wearing one of these, Wright.
...
...
Another victim we know nothing about. Same as always. I hope you'll tell me if you know something about our mystery woman, Wright.
Iris gave that to you, didn't she?
So you say! But your face is as white as a sheet, and sweat is running down your cheek! Anyway, it seems to me like there's something going on between the two of you.
Hmm...
Get that piece of filth out of my face!
... I know a thing or two about Larry Butz, just like you. We both know he likes to act up, but this? Even he couldn't make something like this up. If this is what he drew, then... this is what he saw. As unbelievable as it may seem...
Every time! Every single time I see that guy, he's in it up to his neck!
I don't know Maya Fey very well. But it seems to me that the girl is always landing herself in trouble.
I do sincerely hope she's going to be alright...
One of the biggest names in the world of law, as I'm sure you'll agree. For better or for worse, we were only destined to meet once in the courtroom.
It was the first time for the both of us. Two novices, head to head. I can still remember how downhearted I felt after that trial ended the way it did...
It seems Pearl was trapped on this side of the river on the night of the murder.
Listen, Wright... She's just a kid. I can't force things out of her. You'll have to be the one to find out what she knows.
He's something of a legend, I hear.
It's a bit strange, actually. If he really was anything special, I should have heard about him by now. I'm always well-informed about the rookies coming into the Prosecutor's Office, you know.
Hmph. You should already know the answer to that. Although, there is one other possibility...
He could have come into the profession from a different channel.
There's more than one way to become a prosecutor, Wright. Perhaps he started off as a defense attorney, but decided it wasn't for him?
I was just with Detective Gumshoe. I treated him to some pasta.
H-How's it my fault?
Well I did order some extra parmesan cheese on top. He was crying tears of joy as he dug into it. It was quite moving.
It's crossed my mind once or twice that her testimony might be a bunch of lies.
The thing is... ...as far as I can tell, she has no reason to deceive us. I believe she did meet the defendant at the Inner Temple, and witnessed the murder, too. The one in the Hazakura Temple courtyard, in any case.
Apparently, Iris was taken in by the sisters here at the temple when she was a child. However, we still don't know much about her past, so we're looking into it.
Apparently he had become something of an apprentice to Elise Deauxnim.
He did this portrait for me earlier.
... Let's just leave it at that about Larry, alright?
It's been more than a year since I last saw Franziska myself. But it seems that she's been dying to see you again.
I believe she wants to eat you for breakfast! Or to put it another way, whip you silly. Literally and metaphorically.
Go on, let her have her way! It would make for a great anecdote about my trip!
If you want to know how to run the perfect trial, there's a lot to study and learn.
I've sat at the prosecutor's bench for trials in five different countries now. The first thing you must do is gain complete mastery of the language. It's quite a task.
Sorry, Wright... You're a defense attorney, and I'm a prosecutor. It wouldn't be right for us to discuss things so intimately.
WHAT!? A-A twin...? You can't be serious!
There was nothing about Iris having a sister in the files I checked.
A jeweler!? ... Wright, I... I might just know who this twin sister of hers is.
... Yes, exactly.
It was my first court case, six years ago. I was a greenhorn, and due to my inexperience, the defendant died.
...! Y-You know about that case...!?
Yes, Dahlia was a key witness in that case. Dahlia and Terry Fawles conspired together to stage a fake kidnapping 11 years ago. They stole a jewel worth 2 million dollars from Dahlia's father, a jeweler. And five years after that... ...she murdered her own sister, Valerie Hawthorne, to keep her from talking.
Well, her stepsister, actually. They weren't blood-related. Valerie was the only daughter of Dahlia's father's second wife.
... There is no need. Like I said, Dahlia isn't connected with this case.
It's simple. Dahlia Hawthorne is dead.
Well, her metabolic processes are a matter of interest only to historians, so to speak.
... I only just discovered this, Wright, but... I never knew about the murder case you were involved in during your college years.
Dahlia Hawthorne was found guilty... ...thanks to the persistence of Mia Fey.
It's been six years since that guilty verdict was handed down... ...and her sentence was finally carried out. She was executed... last month.
I'm sure that's a bit of a shock for you, Wright. And for more reasons than one. But do you understand now? She can't possibly be connected with this case. She's dead, and once someone is dead, there is no way to revive them.
And what is that?
What's their mother got to do with any of this?
... Did you say, "Kurain Channeling Technique"...?
Oh, yes. I know it's connected with that fraudulent spirit medium!
I was involved in another nightmare, 17 years ago. I was caught up in the middle of a murder investigation. The police didn't have any leads. They were stumped... And that's when they called her in. She was a very famous spirit medium and the "Master" of her channeling school. But you know what happened? As a result of her efforts, an innocent man was accused of murder! She and her powers! They were all fraudulent!
Go to the Police Records Room. It's all in there. All you have to do is check the DL-6 Incident case file and you'll know!
...If you're looking for Iris, she's in the prosecutor's lobby.
She's going over today's testimony with the prosecutor as we speak.
You heard me... Iris is going to be testifying as a witness for the prosecution.
The prosecutor is squeezing her for a confession. ...Or so I heard.
I know what you're thinking, but Franziska isn't going to be the prosecutor today.
Who else would it be but Godot?
...Franziska is engaged in some important work at the Sacred Cavern.
Exactly. She has been out there all night, trying to remove those trick locks. With the head nun's assistance, naturally. We estimate that the last of the locks should be taken care of in about three hours. I hope everything continues to go smoothly and we receive some good news soon.
Prosecutor Godot intends to nail this case shut today. Be prepared to fight like there's no tomorrow!
I know. I can already see it in your eyes. You're not the same fever-ridden, frantic maniac you were yesterday.
Interesting... Maybe you've passed your cold onto someone else, literally. And with that... I leave the rest in your capable hands... partner.
H-How could I have...? She fled... She escaped!
Excellent work, Wright.
Yes, he laid in bed shivering from his fever with Iris's hood pulled over his head.
What!? M-Me?
Oh, well, um, yes, indeed... I certainly can't say that it's lacking resemblance.
Now that you mention it... I haven't seen her around.
...Wright. You seem to be uncharacteristically puzzled. I suspect you are wondering how Maya can be so cheerful despite all that has happened?
I think I understand how she feels. Maya is a much wiser person than she appears, and I think she realizes something... Now is exactly the time when she needs to be as strong as she can.
Maya wasn't the only one that was badly wounded by this incident. In fact, there was someone that was hurt far more deeply than she. I believe it's for that person that Maya is trying her best not to cry.
But it's a cruel irony that it was her exuberance that led to this tragedy. Maya Fey's mother was killed and Maya herself was put into the deepest peril imaginable.
Heh. Well, don't worry, Wright... I'm not certain that my guess is entirely correct either. Only Maya can really say what the truth is inside her heart.
As I figured... She has been badly hurt by this incident. She feels responsible for the tragedy that has befallen you, Maya.
Don't keep us waiting, Wright.
