Oh, hey, Apollo! Getting an early start today?
Well, aren't we all fired up!
Work? Is that how he put it?
You've really become a fixture around here, Apollo.
But don't forget that this place is a "talent agency" too, Polly!
And what's wrong with that? You're one of the agency's "talents" as well!
Oh, we'd better hurry. Doesn't look Daddy's going to make it, so let's get going.
This IS the job, Polly! You're supposed to keep me company today! Now, come on!
Well, this is the "Wright ANYTHING Agency," y'know. And there's no law-related work at the moment, so...
Daddy said something about going to meet an acquaintance. But don't worry. Just focus on your job, and I'll tell you exactly what you need to know. Well, let's go. We don't have all day!
This is Nine-Tails Vale. Everyone's been talking about the yokai craze here.
Yeah. They're holding a festival to boost tourism over at the alderman's manor. My friend who works there invited us. That's why we're here!
Daddy said that with those horns of yours, you'd make a great addition to their festival. I mean, you look just like a Japanese demon! Wasn't that so thoughtful of him, Polly?!
Oh, it's almost time! Come on, Polly! The festival grounds are this way.
Hmm... Our agency could sure use something positive like that. Oh, I know! Let's jump on board the monster craze! You and daddy would be a perfect comedy duo! You could call yourselves Agni & Rudra, Demon Kings of Comedy! Daddy sets them up, and you knock 'em down! Hey, I think we hit the jackpot with this idea!
You do?!
How could you lose something so important? Sometimes I really wonder about you, Apollo.
Oh, look! What are these panties doing here?
3, 2, 1... Ta-dah! Did you forget? These are my magic panties!
I set it all up while we were back at the office.
You're so lucky, Apollo. Everyone can see what you do with just a flash of your badge.
Yeah, but I can't always dress like this. Like when I'm at school and stuff.
You mean like this? 3, 2, 1... Ta-dah!
Hmm... Then maybe I'll become a lawyer, too.
It definitely feels like a different world here.
Jinxie!
My friend, Jinxie Tenma. She's the one who invited us. She just happens to be the maid here.
Hee hee! You look great, Polly. Fills in some of that space on your forehead!
It's a warding charm. Jinxie puts them on all the monsters she finds.
Maybe I should have told her you're a good demon.
Tone down your Chords of Steel, Apollo. You're scaring her out of her wits!
Looks like you've been demonized, Polly, literally!
Hmmm... If only we had some way to prove you're not as scary as you look.
That's what you get when you flash a girl like that -- even if it was just your badge.
I read somewhere that's [sic] he's the demon lord who punishes the dead for their sins. Uh-oh! I think now she thinks you're a demon lawyer from hell, Polly!
Don't worry, Jinxie, he's a good demon. He'll save you if you ever go astray!
Isn't that great, Jinxie?!
So, Jinxie, I hear this village is the epicenter of the monster craze.
Apollo, don't you dare take those charms off her forehead! They HAVE to stay there... forever! Got it?!
Thanks for inviting us, Jinxie!
Oh, she put it on her own forehead this time!
Look, Apollo! There's somebody up on the roof!
I think she's sweet in own her [sic] special way.
Well, we still have some time to kill. Might as well see the rest of Nine-Tails Vale while we're here.
I think I bought nearly every yokai souvenir that was for sale.
Hm? What's with all the commotion over there?
Calm down, Jinxie! Tell us what happened.
Wait, killed as in dead?
You think Jinxie's going to be okay?
Oh, look, here comes Jinxie.
That's right. Jinxie's dad is mayor of Tenma Town.
I know this is difficult, Jinxie, but you need to hang in there!
It was to overcome your fears, right, Jinxie?
Wow, what a beautiful flower. And with exactly nine petals, too!
Jinxie, you should do get some rest. You've been through a lot today.
Apollo! Maybe this is your chance.
To do the right thing and defend Jinxie's dad in court!
Don't worry, Jinxie! If anyone can prove your dad's innocence, it's Polly!
You'll accept the case, won't you, Polly!
Atta boy, Polly!
Hey, Apollo, what's the notebook for?
Oh? Sounds handy.
Oh, I almost forgot! So, about Jinxie's father... No matter how scary he seems, promise me you'll resist the urge to run away!
And some claim he can even shoot laser beams from his eyes.
Hm, I think it's about time I see Jinxie off. I'll head back to the office after I'm done.
You do? Does that mean I can join the investigation?
Right... I guess I better pull it together. It's time to forget everything else and just focus on my magic tricks!
Welcome to Trucy's Two Cents! Go ahead, ask me anything!
That's an easy one, Apollo. Just do this... 3, 2, 1... Ta-dah!
See! She won't be able to stick any more on if there's already one there. Problem solved!
You're so lucky, Apollo. Everyone can see what you do with just a flash of your badge.
Yeah, but I can't always dress like this. Like when I'm at school and stuff.
You mean like this? 3, 2, 1... Ta-dah!
Hmm... Then maybe I'll become a lawyer, too.
Jinxie's warding charms... Hm, what if I incorporated it into my act? Might be fun.
Exactly! And then I'd have them fly off and stick to audience members' foreheads!
Then how 'bout I have them stick on my assistant? That would be you, Polly!
What?! But I could've sworn you were.
Okay! Watch me make that disappear!
But I wanted to show you my new disappearing trick! Oh, I know! If it's really so important, how about I make more of it appear!
Oh, well. Too bad.
Back! ...Eek!
Yep! I really nailed this new magic trick I've been working on! ...I also heard about those tricks that were conjured up in court earlier today. You know, the demon-out-of-nowhere trick and Polly's tightrope-style defense trick!
Hey, before you go, let me make the evidence you no longer need disappear! 3, 2, 1... Ta-dah!
Hey, what's with you guys? You seem bummed out.
In other words, business as usual, right?
Ooh, and monsters at every turn, huh? Sounds rough...
I was shocked to hear a demon appeared at your trial.
Wish you would've called me in.
With a demon like that, your tightrope-style of defense... and my magic tricks, we would've had it all. We could've been The Three Great Illusions! The audience would've been in the palm of our hand!
It's everyone's favorite, Trucy's Two Cents! Go ahead, ask me anything!
Hmm, I think this calls for... placing yourself in the other person's shoes. In other words, think of what it's like to be a demon. That should be easy for you, Polly!
Hm?
