A school festival? Why didn't you take me with you?
Well, my magic act would've made a great warm up for the mock trial. They'd have seen how even the most crucial evidence could vanish in the blink of an eye!
Athena, don't you think the Wright Anything Agency has about run its course?
Isn't it obvious? It's time for the Wright Anything Academy! And you, Athena, I want you to be the head of our Psychology Department.
Well, I'll be the head of the Magic Department... ...and we'll have a Chords of Steel Department and a Bluffing Department!
Hey, that's an attorney's badge!
Ah! What a mean thing to say! Do I look like someone who'd do something like that?
Hey, isn't that great! That means you have nothing to worry about!
Hey, is that the morning paper?
Really?! A newspaper article about my tricks? That would be so cool! The moment the interview starts, I'd suddenly disappear, shocking the interviewer! Without an actual interview, they could call the article, "The Interview that Vanished"!
Wow, thanks, Athena! That'll make a great new prop for my magic act!
So, what kind of trick should I do with it? Make it disappear? Burn it? Rip it in two?
Aww, you're no fun.
Can't it wait? I just took a batch of freshly baked cookies out of my magic panties!
Hungry, Athena? You haven't had lunch yet, right? Well... It's a virtual snack bar in my magic panties! Cookies, chips, Snackoos! You name it!
Great! I've been waiting to have you try drinking from my magic panties.
Oh, you are? Well, when you get back, I'll have all sorts of things ready for you in my magic panties.
I saw your debut fight, Athena You looked like an old pro out there!
Aww, c'mon! You'd put a pitbull to shame! You sunk your teeth in and never let go!
You exploited your opponents' faults, and you split hairs like there was no tomorrow!
It was amazing! I can't tell you the last time I was on the edge of my seat for a whole fight!
I heard the school festival was canceled. Maybe I could invite you to one of my school events instead to make up?
Okay. And we could put on a mock-trial-slash-magic show!
At the trial's climax, the victim's wound suddenly heals and she comes back to life! Then a huge shower of confetti rains down on the audience as they give a standing ovation!
You must be so disappointed, Athena. You can't master magic in a day. It takes practice, practice, practice.
I'm talking about that jumbled mess of a statue. Look at all the cracks in that thing! I mean, you totally botched your restore-the-broken-statue trick, right?
When you botch a trick, don't admit defeat by resorting to glue or things like that. Just smash it to bits and start all over again! Here, give it to me! I'll show you!
Guys, I've got some big news! I mean, this is huge! ...Oh, am I interrupting something?
The school festival! It was supposed to have been canceled after what happened, but...
Oooooh! Is he going to do what I think he is?!
