............ It's even quieter in here than usual.
I just don't get it, Daddy. All of your reasoning during the trial seemed perfectly solid...
But now, Athena is the one who's being accused...
But Athena couldn't have done it. It just doesn't make any sense.
You know, Daddy... if Athena was here... ...she wouldn't just be sitting around thinking. She'd be out there doing something. You ARE going to defend Athena, right, Daddy?
Off we go, then! We're on a hunt for evidence that'll prove Athena's innocence!
I still can't believe Apollo really left us...
Maybe he got tired of being my assistant for my magic tricks?
B-But I made him clean the toilet a lot! And I made him go bring in the newspaper! It WAS my fault! I just know it! Oh, Apollo! *sniffle*
How could they suspect Athena? It's just ridiculous. It must be some kind of conspiracy.
First of all, we have to bust Athena out of the Detention Center. Then we have to chase down the people who framed her. We'll sneak around the world, from Kiev to Carolina, with the fuzz hot on our tails!
I guess presenting your attorney's badge... ...is like your "quick trick," huh, Daddy?
Well, you are one of the talents in our Wright Anything Agency, after all. But I have to say that an attorney's badge won't get many laughs...
Ha ha ha! That's a good one, Daddy!
Space, huh... I'd sure love to go up there someday. Will you take me, Daddy?
Well, you hardly ever take me to one of those, either! You either say, "I don't have any money" or "I don't have time"!
You're the best, Daddy!
Daddy, you should be careful about showing evidence to a magician.
Well, anything up to about a yard in diameter, anyway. My magic panties are an extra-dimensional space!
His expression changed the instant he saw you, Daddy!
She held back her own tears so she could give someone else a smile. That's... so Athena.
Is he... going to be all right, Daddy? His expression looks as dark as a black hole...
So, was the person you saw holding a gun, Mr. Starbuck?
The door to Launch Pad 1, right?
Daddy, let's go check out what's beyond that door!
Maybe they were stuck to the bottom of somebody's shoes. There are lots of trees around the Space Center.
Maybe there's some kind of secret hatch in the corridor, and they came in that way?
So when you and Clay went through here, you didn't need to show your prints, either?
So, right now, this Boarding Lounge 1 is connected to the Space Museum...
And just now, when we checked the hallway on the other side of the door...
So when Clay and Mr. Starbuck went through, they didn't need to scan their prints, either.
And remember there were those dead leaves in the corridor? I wonder where they came from? Hmm... I still think maybe they were stuck to the bottom of somebody's shoes.
I'll handle this, Daddy! Take that!
And the streak continues!
Daddy! He's going to blow that thing up!
Wow. I had no idea such awful events were behind that exciting story of space heroism...
A spy?! You mean somebody who infiltrates a foreign country... ...carries out dangerous missions, and always gets the girl?!
Prosecutor Blackquill seems more like a ninja than a spy, don'tcha think?
...Clay's murder, huh...
But I thought Clay was supposed to keep it safe?
So if we can find this "phantom"...!
What about him?
Hmm... I wonder how dangerous that guy would be in court without handcuffs...? But if we're going on a ghost hunt, count me in!
Do you think he's going to be all right, Daddy?
It's like he achieved spiritual enlightenment or something!
Wow... The place is crawling with cops.
Let's see... Where's the exhibit on the launch seven years ago...?
Oh, wow! Look at that photo of the team!
Everybody looks so happy! ...Well, except for Director Cosmos.
They really were keeping it a secret, just like the director said. Daddy, take a look at that jacket...
"Actual jacket worn by a HAT-1 team member," it says.
Wh-Whaaaaaaaaaaat?!
That's completely different from the Athena we know now. I can't even picture it...
Sounds like Athena's mother played a big role here at the Space Center. Ooh! Daddy, show her that picture!
So we need to investigate the robotics lab, and also talk to Athena. We've got our plates full, Daddy. I hope we can fit it all in before the day is through...
Incredible? What was he saying?
Wh... What are you talking about?! Who else could've been there?!
You expect us to buy that?!
You're going to see Athena now?
And after we came all this way, too! Well, I guess it's back to the Space Center. Let's go check out the robotics lab, Daddy.
Hey! It's Phony Phanty!
Yeah, it's the craze at my school, too.
There are two camps: the Bum Rap Rhiny fans, and the Phony Phanty fans. Which side are you on, Daddy?
So this is the robotics lab, huh? Looks like it's exactly one floor above the boarding lounge.
Daddy, look! Over there!
Grrrrr! Daddy, say something to her!
Apollo! How could you?!
Wow, what a magic trick! He's like a completely different robot now!
Clonco is an important keepsake of your time with Dr. Cykes. You should treat him better!
So Dadddy's [sic] going to find out who killed Dr. Cykes, too!
Why do you call Athena "the princess," anyway?
What? But we came here to take a look around...
Ouch! Don't push!
The nerve of that woman! What's with that horrible attitude?!
And why was Apollo going along with her?
*sigh*... I'm really worried about him. He's not himself at all. He's usually not all cool and dark and mysterious like that!
I'm going to go keep an eye on him!
...Daddy? Daddy, is that you?
About fifteen robots are holding twelve of us hostage, Daddy! They've gone haywire! A researcher is the one behind it! She's here con-- Eeeeeeek!
Daddy! I'm so glad to see you!
I'm fine, Daddy! I was doing magic tricks for the other hostages to keep our spirits up.
I have an idea, Daddy. Why don't you just invite everybody involved with the case? The more the merrier, right?
I was trying to think of something nice I could do for Polly now that he's back. So I decided to go around and get a bunch of jobs for him to do! Find a lost cat, install an air conditioner, give a computer lesson, find a lost item... Hmm? You think I should've found him a few legal cases? Nah, that's okay! This is the Wright Anything Agency, after all!
