That was a big sigh, Athena.
Daddy... were you being mean to her?
So that's what happened. That's too bad...
Just leave the office to me and Polly, Daddy.
So Sasha Buckler got arrested, huh?
One of my magician friends told me about her. He said she was a great performer. He said she was like a different person when she gets on stage.
What? A mustache? Maybe I should wear a mustache, too. Or cat whiskers...
Remember, investigation and questioning people are a lawyer's two main tools! Even if you've already checked a place, you might find something new if you look again.
Well, you haven't worked as a lawyer for a long time. I'm worried about you! It's just like magic. If you don't keep practicing, you get rusty.
Congratulations on your big comeback, Daddy! You look sharp in your suit! ...But I'm a little sad, too. Now I'm the only entertainer left in our agency...
Oh, you're right! He'd be great as my magician's assistant, for example.
That Swashbuckler Spectacular at Shipshape Aquarium is my number-one competition!
They talk about that show a lot at the Wonder Bar. I've been studying up on their format, you know.
Thanks, Daddy! But I'd like to do an underwater magic show someday, too. For example, I'd love to do one of those underwater escape acts!
You want me to do that magic trick where I instantly turn a whole fish into just bones?
How about the trick where I turn a fish into a dish?
I can turn a fish into a fist, too!
There are unlimited possibilities when it comes to my Magic Panties trick!
Ooh! Did you buy that for me to do a magic trick with?!
3, 2, 1...... Ta-da!
Hee hee. That's all for Trucy's magic show! Come back and see me next time!
Oh! Speaking of checking out the crime scene, Daddy... You should bring your forensics kit with you! Fingerprint powder to check for prints, and luminol testing fluid to look for blood!
Hee hee! I got them from a detective friend of mine.
That looks like an old charm. Is it yours?
You do? Better keep it safe, then.
Where have you been, Daddy?! Polly and Athena already went in!
Ooh! It's almost time! The show's just about to start!
