I am Franziska von Karma, the Prodigy.
I gave up a promising career in Germany and came to this country for one sole reason. Revenge.
I'm talking. If you interrupt again, my whip will do the speaking for me.
Make no mistake; I will defeat you! Prepare to go down, Mr. Phoenix Wright!
Those of Von Karma blood have only one fate. And that is "perfection". The defendant, Maya Fey, will find no escape from her guilt on my watch.
Foolish fool who foolishly dreams of foolish dreams... Ten minutes. I give the defense ten minutes before it changes its plea. That's right. I'll have you running for the "justified self-defense" plea in no time.
How foolish. If that's how you want to play it, Mr. Phoenix Wright, then I shall now call the first witness.
Witness, your name and occupation?
Get to the point already. Explain to the court the details of this murder.
Stop wasting my time, then.

"Why would he have a pistol?" Who cares? The point that you are missing is whose fingerprints are on that pistol. If you're not already paying attention to that, then I suggest you start.
Tsk, tsk, tsk. Mr. Phoenix Wright. I grow tired of the foolish foolery of the foolish fools of this foolish country...
Gunpowder burn.
When something is shot from point blank, a burn area is left around the bullet hole.
Ha ha ha. What will you do now, Mr. Phoenix Wright?
A fool is a fool who will only listen to the foolish opinions of other foolish fools... A pistol shot to the forehead at point blank is certainly enough to kill instantly. Does it matter, then, which was first? Think a little more before you open that big mouth of yours, Mr. Phoenix Wright!
The date and time of death was June 19th at 3:15 PM. Eyewitnesses claim to have heard two gunshots at this time.
Naturally!
Your Honor. Feel free to slam that little gavel of yours. After all, there is no room left for doubt, is there?
See, just as I promised, Mr. Phoenix Wright. You would change your plea in less than ten minutes...
Hah.
...You. You have sealed your fate, Mr. Phoenix Wright. Detective!
Present the final portion of your testimony -- the final strike.
...
I think the court would like to hear about the other piece of incriminating evidence!
Hah. What's wrong? You seem to be at a loss. I think this is the last piece of testimony the prosecution should have to offer. Feel free to sulk off with your tail between your legs, Mr. Phoenix Wright!

If you must change the topic, then the good detective here must testify again. But too bad. Not enough time. Time to move on.
...
There's nothing wrong with it. The only thing wrong here is the defense's head.
...
Pull yourself together, Detective. That tiny "hole" doesn't change a thing. The strength of the evidence still holds. Continue with your testimony. That, just now, was a fluke. Nothing more.

As if little things like that matter.
A "bullet hole" in the sleeve, blood splatter all over the costume... Neither of these things can change the fact the defendant killed the victim.
Come now Detective. You're wasting precious time.
Hah.
Are you finished yet, Mr. Phoenix Wright?
It seems... that Maya Fey was shot at by the victim. However, that is only grounds enough to support a "justified self-defense" plea.
But I'm sure you remember, Your Honor, what the defense clearly said. They rejected "justified self-defense" and pleaded "not guilty."
Which means! The defense has yet to prove anything at all!
Furthermore... just the fact that there is a bullet hole in the costume... is not enough to substantiate even a plea of "justified self-defense".
Don't just stand there. Hurry up and tell the court what transpired that day. ...With the new information we acquired added in, of course.
...

You think you can get away with such flimsy reasoning? Mr. Phoenix Wright! Maya Fey was in the middle of channeling, was she not?
When channeling with the Kurain Channeling Technique, the medium physically changes. With the nurse's build, the defendant could have easily been a match for the doctor.
Like I said before... I am perfect.
...
...
...
Now do you understand? A Von Karma's logic is perfect.

I'm disappointed, Mr. Phoenix Wright. You think you can punch a hole in my logic with that? With wishy-washy thinking like that, anyone can explain anything away!
Let's see... In the middle of their fight, the victim pushed the defendant away.
And it was then, when they were separated, that he fired! How was that?
...! W-Well... Then... That's right! The defendant must have pushed the victim away! After stabbing him, she must have put some space between the doctor and herself. And then while she was preparing to strike again, the doctor took his shot. There. That sound satisfy even you.
That's it. That's exactly what I wanted to hear from you, Mr. Phoenix Wright! Drat. It's 11:00 AM. I've already missed my morning tea. ...However. At least we were able to arrive at a conclusion.
Very interesting. I would love to see where this "flaw" is! Show me something that contradicts my explanation!
Aaah!
The victim and his attacker were fighting, were they not? Then what would the attacker be doing all the way back there!?
Besides which, if the attacker was behind the folding screen, then how could the victim even know where to shoot? It's obviously impossible!
W-Wait a second! We know the defendant was close to the ground based on the height of the bullet hole. But... How can you gauge the distance from that!? Isn't it possible that the defendant was standing much closer to the victim?
B-But why!?
Aaaaaah! C-Curse you, Mr. Phoenix Wright! You...!
Nnngh...
...
You are such a smart man, Mr. Phoenix Wright. To think that you've been able to take a completely hopeless case to this point... Now I know why papa had a tough time with you. Mmm, you amuse me...
Detective. How dare you damage my perfect logic!?
You can start repairing your standing by first removing that three-strand "goatee". Oh, and rest assured your punishment will come later.
Well then, Your Honor, I think I've had all I can take of this Detective's face. I think it's time to call in the next witness.
I don't want to hear it, old man. After I call my witness, sit there quietly and watch like a good little boy.
Bring in the photographer who witnessed the channeling!
Witness. Your name and occupation, if you please.
Name and occupation.
There's no need for foolish outcries from foolishly foolish fools. Just hurry up and testify about what happened on the day of the murder.
...
Does it look like I care? Just hurry up and show your picture to the court.
Are you ready, Mr. Phoenix Wright?

What are you blabbering about!? You were there too, were you not!?
Why don't you answer that yourself? Was it really just the two of them?
But you knew that from the very beginning, didn't you? ...Witness, continue.

Are you insane!? You must have heard it as well!
Why don't you testify for the court, Mr. Phoenix Wright? Was it really a gunshot?
Honestly, Mr. Phoenix Wright. Why don't you tell us what happened, then?
And? What did you see once you broke in?
For a defense lawyer, your defense is terribly lacking, Mr. Phoenix Wright.
Witness. Think back to when those two entered the Channeling Chamber.
One of those people that entered the chamber was Maya Fey, correct?
Exactly.
Now then, Mr. Phoenix Wright, do you see a problem with the testimony or don't you?
In any case, there was no one standing behind the door.
Sorry to disappoint, but there was no secret passageway under the flooring.
At the time of the crime, only two people were in the Channeling Chamber: the victim, Dr. Turner Grey, and the defendant, Maya Fey.
...

...
Oh, no. I thought I would work on my inflections. Just wondering what an "Objection!" with a twist of "You're wrong!" sounds like.
That's very smart of you, Mr. Phoenix Wright. You really should give up trying to prove this is not Maya Fey.
I told you. Totally, 100% impossible.
Having established the defendant's guilt, further questioning won't be needed.
It's fine. I'll allow another testimony. A Von Karma's case is perfect. Absolutely flawless. And what better time than this for you to see that.
Struggle all you like as you taste the bitterness of your defeat. Well, amuse me with your useless questions, Mr. Phoenix Wright. I'm waiting...
She may have seemed like a different person, however, she was still Maya Fey. We have already made that point abundantly clear!

If the body inside that room was not that of Dr. Grey, then whose body was it, Mr. Phoenix Wright!?
Foolish fool spouting foolish foolishness, just as I expect of a foolish fool such as you. If that were the case, then that would mean that Maya Fey is, in fact, dead. And that would make the defendant's chair quite a lonely place, wouldn't it!?
Mr. Phoenix Wright. Would it kill you to stay on topic for a change?
...
Me? In contempt of court!? You can't be serious.
I thought this picture was not important, and thus, felt no need to submit it. That's all.
The pictures were more or less the same, so why bother with the second? I mean, it's just so much more trouble than it's worth for me to submit this as evidence.
If you want to see it that badly, I'll submit it.
It's obviously the second picture the witness took that day at the scene of the crime. Well, it's a little off center. But that's what you get with a nervous amateur.
Ha ha ha... There is no way he can raise an objection and hope to live.
I think you had better continue to worry, Mr. Phoenix Wright.
Your Honor. I would like for you to take a look at this picture. This was taken yesterday at the Detention Center's Visitor's Room. This is Mr. Phoenix Wright and the defendant, Maya Fey during his visit...
She looks this way because she is obviously in the middle of channeling a spirit!
However, it is true. When Maya Fey is in that state, she physically changes into the person she's calling!
... Obviously, this picture is illegal. But I never intended to submit it as evidence in the first place!
From the moment I showed this picture to the court, this case became all mine. After all, this image has now been forever burned into the judge's mind.
And to think. I even gave you this chance to prove your point for free. But you couldn't even point yourself out in a line-up!
So, you think you've spotted a problem with this picture? Then earn your keep. Why don't you point out exactly what is so strange in this picture for the court?

Fool! Do you even know what you're talking about anymore!?
Didn't we just finish discussing that her appearance changes during channeling!?
Hmph! What is with that attitude!?
Didn't we just finish discussing that her appearance changes during channeling!?
"Should be there"...? Aaaaah!
...
...Tsk, tsk, jumping the gun again, I see. Your Honor! I would like to extend an apology on behalf of those incompetent fools.
If those fools down at the precinct hadn't missed the bullet hole, I would have gotten a report about it. As I didn't, I could not have known that this picture was of any value to this case.
Your Honor. You need not worry. If you must assign a penalty, I'll personally make sure that detective gets what's coming. I'm sure there will be a great gnashing of teeth at the next salary discussion.
...
The pistol fired only two shots. No more, no less.
Wha-Whaaaat!?
The defense's... The defense's argument is a complete mess!
Hey, witness!
Be quiet you! You were the one who said it was only the two of them when you entered the room!
If you were lying, I swear that my whip will be the last thing you see!
You see! Now riddle me this, Mr. Phoenix Wright!? Where did the defendant vanish to!? And where did this other woman appear from!?
That's right! Now hurry up and answer, Mr. Phoenix Wright!
Had enough yet, Mr. Phoenix Wright? Or do you think you have enough in you to turn things around even now!?
I've already seen it.
I don't think you actually see what you are doing.
Oh, how a foolish fool makes a foolish face while dreaming foolishly foolish dreams. Maya Fey was being looked after by her aunt, Morgan Fey. The chances of her leaving the crime scene is lower than that Detective's salary!
Y-You see!? And the reason is quite simple. Because there is no explanation. That's why!
I'm already "perfect". So of course, my conclusions are also "perfect".
The defendant herself locked the door...?
...! Wait... Mr. Phoenix Wright...
I'm afraid to ask, but... Why is that key currently in your possession?
Th-Th-That's preposterous!
N-Nooooooo!
How. Can. This. Be!?
My perfect case! How is there a flaw in my perfect case! Don't think you've won yet, Mr. Phoenix Wright! I am a prodigy! I have never lost a case! And I don't intend to lose here in this courtroom to a fool like you! I don't care what I have to do... I will get my guilty verdict!
Let's start already. Mr. Phoenix Wright. I look forward to tonight's news with great joy. The image of your defeated face will be transmitted all over the world!
Don't be foolish, you foolish fool wearing the foolishly foolish clothes. The famous one is me! I'm the prodigy who has never lost a case since becoming a prosecutor five years ago. Naturally, the world's eyes are on me, as I conduct my first trial in this country!
Hmph. Glad to see you're in such good "spirits" today, Ms. Fey.
That the defendant could have left the Channeling Chamber, correct?
Your Honor, I would like to say one thing before we begin.
The prosecution has determined that from the time of the murder to the time of arrest, the defendant did indeed leave the room at one point.
I never said that wasn't the defendant.
All I am saying is that Maya Fey, after killing the victim, exited the room. And I believe that is when she dropped this key.
Isn't that what I'm here for? The prosecution would like to call the defendant's aunt, Morgan Fey, to the stand.
Witness. Name and occupation.
I don't think anyone really cares. Now then, after the murder took place, you kept watch over the defendant, correct?
You. Be quiet. Now, witness. Something happened while you were performing this technique, correct?
And here we come to the heart of the matter. Maya Fey, while in a possessed state, managed to escape from the Channeling Chamber!
That's right. She is simply correcting a falsity, Mr. Phoenix Wright.

The witness was lying to cover for the defendant.
This witness didn't and couldn't have seen what happened. If you want to know what this unexpected thing was, there is always later.
Now, witness, continue with what happened.
You're finally beginning to understand, aren't you, Mr. Phoenix Wright... Now, witness, continue with what happened.

Have you forgotten already, Mr. Phoenix Wright? What about this picture!? Remember that at the time, the defendant was not physically "Maya Fey".
Happy? Witness, elaborate on that point for us.
It's true that this witness is not able to confirm this. But the key word here is "this" witness.
Now, let's take the next logical step and ask, "Where did the defendant go after leaving the Channeling Chamber?"
Be quiet, you! Now then, what the escapee had done was she had gone to speak with a certain person!
The prosecution calls Ms. Ini Miney, who was sleeping in the Side Room at the time.
Witness. Name and occupation.
Then I suggest you go home and research it yourself.
Now then, Ms. Miney, after the murder took place, you spoke with the defendant, Maya Fey. Is this correct?
If that's the case, then let's hear your testimony. That IS alright, isn't it, Your Honor?
Really, now... Your Honor. Maya Fey was still in the middle of channeling at that time.
Yes, Mimi Miney. She was a nurse at Dr. Grey's clinic.
Witness.
In your testimony, you mentioned a "terrible" thing. Why don't you tell the court what this terrible thing was? I'm sure we'd love to hear about it.
Of course.
There, are you satisfied, Your Honor?
It is a bit hard to swallow, however, all the evidence and testimonies point to this as the truth! ...The end.
Yet again the foolish fool spouts out more foolishly foolish drabble... I wonder if you'll make this one more entertaining than the last...
Yes, indeed.
...Witness. About this person who entered the Side Room...
Well, that was a colossal waste of our time! Now then, witness. How did you feel when you saw Ms. Mimi Miney?
The point here, is the witness immediately recognized that it was her "sister".
Don't keep badgering her.
Stop spewing such nonsensical things then. Pay no attention to this twit and continue, witness.
A foolish fool with a foolish sieve for a brain only speaks foolishly with foolish words.
Wh-What are you babbling about this time, Mr. Phoenix Wright!?
... The blood spray...
And what are you stammering about, Your Honor...?
First of all, calm yourself down, witness.
Now, hurry up with the testimony.

Don't push your subjective opinions onto this court.
You are such a hopeless cause. Witness, you may feel free to ignore this trite little man.
... Continue.
Just give up already, Mr. Phoenix Wright.
Just give up already, Mr. Phoenix Wright.
This has been the most extravagant waste of time that I've ever seen.
I'd like to feel a lot better too... Mr. Phoenix Wright. The sooner the better...
I'd like to feel a lot better too... Mr. Phoenix Wright. The sooner the better...
Just give up already, Mr. Phoenix Wright.
Just give up already, Mr. Phoenix Wright.
This has been the most extravagant waste of time that I've ever seen.

Who cares about some worn-out old urn!?
An irresponsible lawyer has no place in this court! I suggest you go home!
W-Wait! She... broke the urn...?
Interesting, you have a semi-intelligent look on your face. So? What about this child?
The garden...?

As the court can see... she's a bit of an airhead. Also, she was leading her "sister" at that time. Do you honestly think she would have noticed a simple child playing!? Preposteous!
Wh-What sort of foolish...
An irresponsible lawyer has no place in this court! I suggest you go home!
An old, cracked clay pot? What is that going to prove?
Why... Why do I feel like you're about to ruin my beautiful day...?

The witness just testified about that!
Hmph. Planning to throw out another irrelevant piece of evidence?

... Don't ask a question off of a baseless assumption, if you please...
Well, I suppose since you've put it out on the table, Mr. Phoenix Wright... you might as well answer the question for us! "Where was the witness at the time of the murder!?"
Isn't that the crime scene!?
Mr. Phoenix Wright! Have you lost your mind!? Yesterday's testimony established that only the victim and the defendant were in the Chamber when the channeling started!
If you're going to tell a joke, at least make it one I'll laugh at.
You still haven't learned your lesson, have you, Mr. Phoenix Wright!?
Don't make me say this again! Recall yesterday's testimony!
And you should hide in shame until you die!

But that clothing box was in the Side Room, right!? Which means it has nothing to do with the murder at all!
I don't have time for you to sit there surprised. Hurry up and say it already!
...The folding screen... It had a hole at the same height...

Th-Then... Mr. Phoenix Wright! What about this picture!? Are you saying that the person in this photo... is Ms. Ini Miney!?
...I can't stand to listen to any more of this foolishness! If that's the case, Mr. Phoenix Wright, then I have a proposition! This whole idea that the witness moved the clothing box to the crime scene, pretended to be the defendant, killed the victim, and then fled the scene of the crime; It's not possible for one person to do all that by herself!
I don't want to hear "if"! If you're going to give me "if", then give me some proof along with it. Where did Ini Miney get the costume then!? How about the wig!?
Need I remind you!? The foolish receive no mercy...
Wh--! Y-You can't be serious...
... I don't even want to waste the energy to raise my whip. His lady friend can deal with him.
Morgan... Fey!
B-But! That sort of deception would have been easy to see through!
Oh, you simpleminded fools. I'm sorry, are you still by chance, evolving?
Of course it was me! Do you really think someone of Von Karma blood would lose due to something this petty?
Mr. Phoenix Wright! Your argument is flawed in one very crucial area!
If this witness is the real murderer... why would she go through all this trouble?
Working together with a medium, pretending to be one, putting on this whole act... What reason would she have to do such foolish things?
Oh, and one other thing. Why would Ms. Ini Miney want to kill Dr. Grey? Where is her motive?
Makes you not want to get old, doesn't it, Mr. Phoenix Wright?
Pathetic, Mr. Phoenix Wright. You failed to support your own theory. ...The end.
Tsk, tsk. So many faults, Mr. Phoenix Wright. You should really learn your place.
...Interesting. I'll let you have your chance, Mr. Phoenix Wright.
A Von Karma only cares about the perfect win. As long as you have the will to fight, I will knock you down, Mr. Phoenix Wright!
And I don't care if you are my witness! So help me, I will blow you out of my way!
Don't you have something better to be worrying about? Say, your own situation?
Not yet. My goal is to defeat you, and let the whole world know of your defeat.
... Hmph. ...Whatever. In the meantime, let's bring this match to its conclusion. And then we'll know who the real winner is.
Those were merely "rumors". ...Totally baseless gossip.

That incident has nothing to do with our murder here. Besides, the police report has already documented that it was entirely Mimi Miney's fault.
This is news to me. I was not aware you didn't have your license, Ms. Miney.
Now, then, witness. Continue with your testimony.
So it was because the two of you were so tired that this accident happened.
No one cares. Witness. When did you receive your driver's license?
The accident happened last May. That's a half year lapse in time, Mr. Phoenix Wright.
Cry, and my whip will accommodate.
Ignorance is to be whipped.
Aaaaah!
Mr. Phoenix Wright is blabbering nonsense again! Ini said the person who was driving was her older sister, Mimi Miney!
I'm inclined to feel sorry for a foolish fool who foolishly spends his time foolishly. At that time, Ms. Ini Miney had not yet received her driver's license!
Th-The next
What sort of idiotic ruse is this, Mr. Phoenix Wright!? Th-This witness' name... This witness' name is...

Of all the foolish dribble! Th-Then, how do you explain her appearance!?
Facial reconstruction surgery!?
Th-Then, the body they found at the crash site...
What is the meaning of this nonsense!?
And... And... And that's why she had to kill Dr. Turner Grey? Is that what you're saying!?
Why did you say MY name, just now!?
W-Witness...?
Th-That's... That's about the malpractice incident!
Th-The timing couldn't have been worse...
Th-This... This is preposterous! I... I'm perfect! Me... Franziska von Karma...
And one more for good measure!
This court is a fraud! A sham!
