...
Your Honor! Get on with it!
...I hope you didn't bother thinking you'd win this one Mr. Phoenix Wright.
That spirit channeling trial was a sham! I refuse to acknowledge its legitimacy! It did not count! Do you hear me!?
You have no chance. Zero. Zilch. Nada. I'm not losing this case! Why, you ask? Because it is not in the nature of a Von Karma to lose at anything!!
Watch and learn, Mr. Phoenix Wright! I'll show you the textbook procedure for proving how absolutely guilty you are!!
...It will be my ultimate revenge...
The prosecution is finished. Let's hurry and wrap up this waste of time.
Detective Dick Gumshoe! Get up there! NOW!!
Sorry to keep you from work, as I'm sure you need every penny you can earn, Detective.
Very well. I would like you to begin by shedding light on the events in question.
This is totally meaningless. Time to move on!
I think we could all do without your guesses, Detective. Stick to what little you actually know!
Much better. You may continue on, Detective.
The police are searching for it as we speak.
Now that we have wrapped up with the Detective, I'd like to call my next witness.
Obviously... But that's due to you being slow and unable to take a hint!
I would like to call Mr. Benjamin Woodman to the stand.
Please state your name and occupation for the record.
...
You won't get anywhere trying to figure out this witness! Now let's proceed!
You saw Maximillion Galactica heading towards the scene? You're sure of that?
What a shame... It was a nice theory, but the clown can't be the criminal.
Here's absolute proof.
This was found at the scene of the crime. It belongs to the defendant.
Without question, he was wearing his signature hat during practice. If the clown was the murderer, there would be no reason for this hat to be at the scene.
Thank you for stating the obvious... Mr. Phoenix Wright, what do you have to say?

Mr. Phoenix Wright. I think you should leave the thinking to the witness.
Obviously the Ringmaster arrived at the scene of the crime before the witness could have seen him! Anyone with sense could have figured that one out!
Is that according to the defendant? A likely story! If Maximillion Galactica was supposed to be in the Ringmaster's room, why was he, just as the witness stated... At the scene of the crime!?
A brilliant judgment Your Honor. Now let's move along with the testimony!
You’ve heard what he has to say. Let him continue with his testimony!

Mr. Phoenix Wright! We can all do without your off-handed theories!
A brilliant judgment Your Honor. Now let's move along with the testimony!

What did you just say!? The witness saw the defendant at the scene of the crime!!
There is absolutely no proof that the witness was waiting for the animal tamer!
Don't volunteer things!!
Hmph. Thanks to your bumbling, my perfect plan is not so perfect anymore! Now we have to waste time getting to the bottom of some silly proposal by a puppet!!
Answer his question! What was it!?
An
Mr. Phoenix Wright's joke has gone too far! Time for this to end right here!
I advise you to cut this argument short...
What did you just say!?
Prove an important point!? What point could that possibly be?
...
Co-Contradiction!?
What is the meaning of all this, Mr. Phoenix Wright!? Where are you going with this little theory of yours?

Well then tell me this, Mr. Phoenix Wright!! Do you have any proof that something slipped past this vigilant ventriloquist?
However, that doesn't change the fact that he saw the defendant arrive!
So that means that Money didn't show up until after you saw Max?
So the victim could have arrived on the scene in that five minute stretch.
*sigh* It was 10:10 PM!
Exactly! How is it strange to be cordial to one of your coworkers?
Maybe you should think of having some proof before your lips start flapping next time! Proof is everything in this world! You should have learned that back in grade school!!
You're not trying to pass yourself off as a professional performer, are you? Don't get so wrapped up in yourself, Mr. Phoenix Wright! You! Should know! Better!
That should have set him straight! You may proceed with your testimony, Witness.
There's no way that he could be any more confident than that, right?
A fight?
Before we handle that, we should rap up the defendant's murder charge first!

Are you saying this witness is lying!? That he is trying to frame the defendant by claiming to have seen him at the crime scene!?
A fool can only understand a foolish foolery uttered by the most foolish of fools. The witness "didn't see anyone"... You wouldn't happen to have proof to back up that statement, would you?
You said that Trilo would have no reason to greet Max if they had met that night! You said that, did you not!? Mr. Phoenix Wright!!
"Ahh..." is not the correct answer!
What kind of theory is that!?
Wh-What!?
What in the world... You...
It was Russell Berry. The victim himself, was it not?
The prosecution argues that it was the defendant that the witness saw that night! The witness has clearly stated that he saw the defendant's three symbols!
Yes, yes... We know... The silk hat, cloak, and white roses...
What was that!?
WHAT!?
...
Well... I...
... That is very... Unfortunate.
You're just a little too excited for your own good, Mr. Phoenix Wright.
You merely established one thing from this witness. You established that this witness saw one person in the plaza that night. I applaud you on your effort, but...
Who that person was can only be answered by the next witness!
Your Honor, the prosecution will provide, beyond a shadow of a doubt, an answer to that question, and evidence that clearly establishes one thing. That there is no one other than Maximillion Galactica responsible for this crime!
Very well... I will now call my next witness. A pitiful clown with the unfortunate distinction of having seen the entire thing. Will Mr. Lawrence Curls please take the stand!
The witness will state his name and occupation for the court record.
...
... Name and occupation.
Your name...
You witnessed the scene at around 10:15 PM the day of the murder. Correct?
...
Witness...
We will listen to your call for help after the court proceedings are over. Thus, please stick with the facts of the case.
Well, I'll make sure that one of my staff will be your straight man later.
Of course you can! There is no way that this account can be criticized.
If you cause this clown to stray from the facts, I'll hold you responsible!
Witness! These are exactly the type of jokes you should save for Gumshoe!
You knew what would happen! Don't look at me like that!
You... Forgot!?
That's not something you just "forget to mention"!
What then? You went to look out the window and you saw...
Just 30 feet? That's not far at all!
Enough foolishness, get back on track!

I will not permit you to harass my witness in this manner! You'd better have an excellent reason for attacking this poor, poor clown. Because if you don't... You know what is waiting for you... A nice penalty!
So what will it be then, Mr. Phoenix Wright? Do you have any clear basis to believe that my witness did not see the crime?
Then this is just another one of your pointless efforts to badger my witness! Thus, you have just earned yourself a penalty... FROM ME!!
Then let's hear it!
And I suppose you will be telling us all that "great" reason?
...
You took your time realizing that, didn't you!? Whatever. That should be enough, right!?
Such a silly little boy... He threw his entire case headlong into a trap!

There was a light near the scene of the crime. Anyone with decent eyesight should have been able to see that much.
Our records say his eyesight is a perfect 20/20.
Who cares if he knew that there were three or not! He saw what he saw. And he saw the symbols. He just forgot to mention one.
Isn't that right, Moe?
Silence fool! You are to respond with the whole truth! No fractions!

The crime scene was dark! It's obvious it was too dark to see that kind of detail!

Then the roses must have fallen off when the defendant assaulted the victim!
Clearly not! He is just toying with the court!
Judge! Forget the roses! Think about his other testimony! The witness has stated without a doubt that he saw Maximillion Galactica! Nothing else matters! Let's wrap this case up now!
W-What!?
You promised Mr. Phoenix Wright. No more badgering! I hope you enjoy this penalty!
Witness, continue with your testimony.
Maybe after court... If you're into that kinda thing.
You promised Mr. Phoenix Wright. No more badgering! I hope you enjoy this penalty!
Witness, continue with your testimony.
Maybe after court... If you're into that kinda thing.
You promised Mr. Phoenix Wright. No more badgering! I hope you enjoy this penalty!
Witness, continue with your testimony.
Maybe after court... If you're into that kinda thing.
You promised Mr. Phoenix Wright. No more badgering! I hope you enjoy this penalty!
Witness, continue with your testimony.
Maybe after court... If you're into that kinda thing.
Must you always ask these questions!? It was found at the crime scene!! ... The c-c-crime scene... That means...

Mr. Phoenix Wright is badgering the witness, Your Honor!!
Grrrr...
Not very amusing, Mr. Phoenix Wright.
YOU WAIT A SECOND! I think you've said more than enough for today!!
Your Honor... If you had heard the truth from this witness... You would have exactly the same opinion as I have.
It's not funny!
Try not to waste our time with your idiotic drivel.
I told you it wasn't funny. Do you believe me now?
Maximillion Galactica is a world-class magician. But to leave the scene of a crime by flying. There's no way that actually happened.
Only a foolish looking fool could be fooled by such a foolish fool's foolish dream. Don't be ridiculous! Magic does not exist!
Now do you think it's still a dream!? Huh, Mr. Phoenix Wright!?
You imbecile!
...!
Grrr...
It was a battle today in court, wasn't it... Mr. Phoenix Wright!?
Tomorrow will be the day. The day my dream finally comes true!
Ha ha ha... National news? You possess such a small sense of scale... The global news, Mr. Phoenix Wright! Your miserable plight will be known internationally!
Hah! I'm amazed you picked up on that much.
I've got "conclusive evidence" and a "conclusive witness"... Need any more hints?
I'm putting in the summons for him to be called as a witness as we speak. It's the final nail in your coffin, Mr. Phoenix Wright!
... My... Dad? You must mean the esteemed Manfred von Karma.
Enough out of you... One more word and you'll get a mouthful of whip. Now. When did I ever bring up my papa's name in this, or any other conversation...?
You wouldn't understand, Mr. Phoenix Wright. I have to see "him" again, one more time.
I'm sure you know to whom I refer... Miles Edgeworth!!
You haven't forgotten, have you? Do you know who it was that trained the gifted prosecutor, Miles Edgeworth?
Exactly right. It was my papa.
Right again. Miles was like a little brother to me.
It's your fault he is gone.
It's the truth, isn't it Mr. Phoenix Wright?
"Prosecutor Miles Edgeworth chooses death."
I don't believe it. He's still alive. I'm sure of it... Somewhere in this world, he's still alive. "Prosecutor Miles Edgeworth chooses death?" Of course he did! You ruined his reputation as a Prosecutor! You effectively killed the Prosecutor in him. Just like your victory muddied the honorable name Von Karma! I'm going to find him... Then I'm going to teach him the difference between right and wrong with my own hands!
What?
Hmph. This dog is all bark and no bite. He's already been defeated... Regardless, I have nothing to inform you two of today. Tomorrow will be the greatest courtroom battle this country has ever seen!!
I've already heard everything! So hand over the scarf.
That is for me to decide. I think we should begin our preparations now, Acro.
I've served a summons on Acro to appear in court tomorrow as a witness. Acro, we'll talk more at the prosecutor's office.
Come Acro. Let's go to the office.
The prosecution is ready, Your Honor.
The prosecution would like to revise it's* previous theory of events.
We have discovered a new witness. Or shall I say, a new eyewitness. One that saw Maximillion Galactica fly off from the scene of the crime.
Due to this revision, we are now prepared to explain how the defendant flew that night. An explanation the prosecution will present if the need so* arises... In fact, my detective stayed up all night creating a mockup of the scene, on my orders.
Name and occupation.
Where were you the night of the crime?
If you look at the map, you will see the witness' room is near the crime scene.
The night of the crime, the witness saw something quite shocking. Would you tell us what you witnessed?
If that's the case, there is very little the prosecution need add... All that's left is to explain how the defendant disappeared into the sky that night.
A foolish choice by a foolish fool who wishes to feel the foolish sadness of a sad fool. A man must know the proper timing for things, Mr. Phoenix Wright. Just like your old friend, Mr. Miles Edgeworth did.
The witness will proceed with his testimony!
...

If there's a contradiction, then prove it with evidence!
You just don't get it, do you Mr. Phoenix Wright?
You're not going to be able to get through this one with your usual bluff routine! You're* client looks to be* ready to take off once again! Straight towards a guilty verdict...
Witness... Would you mind repeating your testimony?
You have no need to mince words with Mr. Phoenix Wright. Testify the truth and only the truth. Just as if we were there with you that night...
...

If there's a contradiction, then prove it with evidence!
You just don't get it, do you Mr. Phoenix Wright?
You're not going to be able to get through this one with your usual bluff routine! You're* client looks to be* ready to take off once again! Straight towards a guilty verdict...
Witness... Would you mind repeating your testimony?
...

If there's a contradiction, then prove it with evidence!
You just don't get it, do you Mr. Phoenix Wright?
You're not going to be able to get through this one with your usual bluff routine! You're* client looks to be* ready to take off once again! Straight towards a guilty verdict...
Witness... Would you mind repeating your testimony?

That's not important...
Objection...

Like always, someone has to open their mouth before thinking...
Never get your fat head in the way of a whip bent on finding justice! Mr. Phoenix Wright... I have no interest in your silly little theories! He has a grudge against the defendant, huh? You wouldn't happen to have proof of that?

So you plan on writing off all the inconvenient facts as nothing but dreams? Maybe you should just pinch your cheeks and see if you are actually awake.
"On this occasion"...?
Ha ha ha... I think your trips to the circus have served you well... You seem to remember how to try and grab at an audience's hearts and minds.
Your Honor. Don't allow yourself to be swayed by theatrics. Trying to wow the crowd with smoke and mirrors is the oldest bluff in the book.
If you don't believe me, just look at the witness. He's calm enough for it to almost be scary...
See! Even a silver* of common sense makes it clear the accusation is ludicrous!
See that, Mr. Phoenix Wright? If you're trying to drum up support from the peanut gallery, that's how you do it.
I think that's enough of this little game. I've got a doctor's note to confirm that Acro is unable to stand under his own power. Maybe the defense is planning on making a claim to counter this as well? I can hear the defense now... "Acro had an accomplice!!"
Don't tell me you think you're gonna get off easy.
You must not have heard that sound just now... Maybe it wasn't clear enough... The sound of you falling into your own trap can be hard to notice sometimes!
Don't tell me you think you're gonna get off easy.
Oh... Did you hear that?
The sound of you getting caught in your own trap! What a splendid accomplice. I'm sure this accusation is built on a solid foundation.
You didn't miss that sound, did you Mr. Phoenix Wright? You know... The sound of you receiving a penalty!!
Now then, this must be when we get to hear the name of the mystery accomplice!
Wh... WHAT!?
Mr. Phoenix Wright... If this witness is the killer, then his eyewitness account is all lies, right?

The witness could not have possibly left the lodging house on his own! Not to mention what Mr. Phoenix Wright just said! "There was no accomplice!" remember?

The witness could not have possibly left the lodging house on his own! Not to mention what Mr. Phoenix Wright just said! "There was no accomplice!" remember?
What!? Are you nuts!?
It seems you've forgotten once again, Mr. Phoenix Wright. The defendant was clearly spotted at the scene of the crime.
Ahh... I think we will finally be graced with an explanation!
Wha... WHAT!?
He means that everything he's said up until now has all been nonsense.
It's true, right? If you can't establish proof of your murder theory, then it's nonsense!
He's trying to fool us by playing some misdirection game.
...
Heavy...?
AHHH!!

How could you possibly wheel a wheelchair with something so heavy!? It's impossible!
I'd watch what I say, if I were you, Mr. Phoenix Wright.
Your Honor! The physical health of the witness is material to this case! I demand that we get proper testimony from the witness himself!

The defense has its version of the murder. The prosecution has the right to respond!
The witness will have no problems; however, let's all be respectful towards him.
It was impossible for him to lift the bust and carry it over to the window. Not to mention that he could not have known the location of the Ringmaster's head. A single false step would have lead to even more severe injuries.
He's simply stalling. It's shameful, really.
Neither am I, Mr. Phoenix Wright!!
Let me remind you of another very important point. If the witness was carrying the bust, he would not be able to see out below the window.

Your silly hinting at things is pointless! Mr. Phoenix Wright! Enough stalling! How about you show us some evidence!
Who...?
You... You mean!
R-Really...!?
Allow me to whip some sense into you! Mr. Phoenix Wright!!
The Ringmaster's head could have been anywhere when he lifted the box!
S-S-Specially made?
Size...?
Weight...?
Get on with it!!
What's the matter, cat got your tongue!?
Fool!!
You see, Mr. Phoenix Wright!! Explain that! Don't forget... You said, "There was no accomplice!"
Tell us exactly how the witness would have carried the bust from the cafeteria!
What do you think about this evidence, Witness?
So? Are you saying the witness had a monkey steal the bust?

But the bust was bronze, wasn't it? Bronze isn't all that shiny...
GWWWAAAAHHH!!
Umm... Umm... Umm... I... Umm... I don't know. We're searching for it as we speak...!
MORON!!
Don't seem so flamboozled! Especially by this fraud of an attorney!
You've forgotten the absolute most important thing, Mr. Phoenix Wright!!
You should know!! You forgot that your fraud of a magical client was spotted at the scene of the crime!
There is no reason to doubt the clown's testimony!
When the murder occurred, there were two people at the scene of the crime! One was the victim, Russell Berry, and the other was the murderer himself! Answer this and only this, Mr. Phoenix Wright! The clown saw the murderer! Who was it then!?
Yes! What is that supposed to mean!?
I asked who was the other person Moe saw on the scene! That evidence has nothing to do with the question!

What are you talking about!? Have you tried using your brain at all in this case!? The silhouette he saw just happened to be wearing a cloak!
Idiot!! Who in their right mind would put a cloak on a bust!?
Hmm... I wonder, Mr. Phoenix Wright... Didn't the defendant wear his cloak the entire time he was at practice?
So then how did this person get a hold of the cloak?
Furthermore, how would this person have gotten the cloak onto the bust, I wonder? Because this person was not spotted at the scene...
The famous Von Karma "carrot and whip" approach!
F-F-FOOL!! H-HIM...!?
He... I mean, the victim himself, placed the cloak on the bust!?
Explain yourself!
You just wait a second there, Mr. Phoenix Wright!! As much as you try... As much as you scheme... This just isn't true! It can't be!
Eh...?
...
So...?
You've graced us with a rather long-winded tale... But do you have any evidence to prove that your fairy tale is true!?
In this court, only two things matter. The power of evidence, and the power of my whip.
...
The silk hat was one. The white roses were the other.
You fool! Do you ever shut up!?

Fine, you've got one, but what about the other contradiction!?
Remember what that ventriloquist said in court! He said that he witnessed "white roses" on "Max's" chest that night! But the clown's testimony doesn't match! The clown said that there were no "white roses"! I'd like to see you try and explain that one away!!
What was that...!?
AHHHHH!!
...
Motive. This witness feels an incredible debt of gratitude towards the Ringmaster. Anyone with any relation to the circus is well aware of this.
Thus, there is absolutely no way someone like this would kill the Ringmaster!
Your Honor, I'd like you to hear Acro's story! Learn about his relationship with the Ringmaster, and his life up until now...
I'd like to continue with Acro's testimony, starting with his relationship to the victim. I'd also like to get proof from the defense... Proof of what kind of motive Acro would have to commit this crime.
As you heard, the witness deeply respected the victim. I wonder how anyone could think that Acro could kill the man he held in such esteem.
Hmph. You're so tactless, Mr. Phoenix Wright. You don't care about justice, do you? You just want to fabricate a motive...
How old were you when this happened, Acro?
There's no crying in court! Let's keep going!
What a beautiful story...
I've even heard of them in Germany...
Hmph...
How could you ask such a thing, Mr. Phoenix Wright!? Do you have some sort of fundamental misunderstanding of this witness' testimony? Or the heart-felt emotions contained within? You better think about this, Mr. Phoenix Wright! You better think hard!
Exactly. I've been waiting for you to say that, Your Honor.
Exactly right, Your Honor.
...
Oh... This is gonna be good...
I don't think the defense would mind confirming something for me. What exactly are we supposed to learn from this piece of evidence?
Looks like you just won the award for Biggest Failure in Court.
Your foolish attempts to fool us like foolish fools is so fool-heartedly foolish! Did you forget!? You made an accusation against this witness, did you not? I believe it was... "This is the real killer of Russell Berry, Ringmaster."
What did you just say!?
W-WHAAATT?
Mr. Phoenix Wright! What in the world are you trying to do this his court!? Are you attempting to imply that Acro was trying to kill someone else!?
There's fourteen more where that came from!
...
He asked you for something!! Where are your manners, Mr. Phoenix Wright!?
Regina Berry...?

You don't need to answer that! It's a mean=spirited leading question!!
That's it, huh Mr. Phoenix Wright?
The only thing allowed to interrupt me is death itself!
And that goes for you too... Mr. Phoenix Wright! Show me evidence! Now! I want to know why Acro would want to kill Regina Berry!
At this point, the only thing that's important is evidence!
You're not going to fool me... Mr. Phoenix Wright!
You mean... It wasn't for the...
That's when her father... I mean the Ringmaster... Read the note?

Foolishly foolish fool with foolishly foolish fool ideas of foolish tomfoolery... ... You're so foolish, you've even made me sound like a foolhardy fool... Very well, Mr. Phoenix Wright. If you're so sure, then tell us about this line! "I have conclusive evidence of what took place."
Well, then if the note was sent to Regina Berry, it must mean that... This note is declaring that Regina Berry is a murderer!
What!? ... What did you just say!?

This is simple, Your Honor. If Mr. Phoenix Wright can't provide the facts for this so-called incident on the note, then there is no way to know whether this note is relevant or not. Moreover, one cannot prove any sort of motive for wanting to murder Regina Berry!
...
...Moron!
Well then if that's the case, hurry up and tell us about it. What is this "conclusive evidence" mentioned in the note? I know I'd certainly like to know what it is!
What kind of spicy joke is this... Mr. Phoenix Wright?

...Foolish fool who never tires of his own foolish ways... If you're so sure, Mr. Phoenix Wright, then answer this question! Who was Regina Berry's intended victim?

What does this prove? His younger brother isn't dead!!
Do you spend your entire life dreaming up new ways to be a fool!? Naturally, the prosecution has looked into Acro's brother, Sean Dingling. Six months ago, he was bit by a lion and fell into his current comatose state!
Regina... I mean, Ms. Regina Berry is an animal tamer by trade. However, no tamed animal in that position is ever trained to attack another human! They wouldn't understand the command! Moreover, Ms. Regina could never do something like that! It's just not in her.
He's not the victim of an attempted murder, he's the victim of an accident.
It's essential that a man knows when to give up... Mr. Phoenix Wright.
Hah! Instigating a lion to attack! Who ever heard of something like that!? And to think that the defense claimed this was "conclusive evidence"...
You're such an amateur, Mr. Phoenix Wright! There is no way that Regina would ever incite her lion to attack another human being!
...
... Mr. Phoenix Wright... Wasn't it said that the lion seemed to be smiling?
Right before Bat was bit by the lion. For a moment, the lion's mouth changed and it looked like he was... Smiling.
I've never heard of them smiling; however...
YOU FOOOOOOL!!

..............................
I... I... I object... For objection's sake... Mr. Phoenix Wright! You... This theory... You believe it? You really plan to say this joke of an accident actually happened?
You foolish idiot!
...You don't mean!? You can't mean!? Witness...!?
The biggest problem is the murder weapon, or the lack thereof to be more precise.
Yes it would be...
...It looks like you finally figured things out, didn't you? Now you know the true meaning of "Von Karma Total Justice"...
Hmph...
...It looks like you still haven't figured things out, have you? By now you must know the meaning of "Von Karma Total Justice"...
A Von Karma never leaves anything to chance! We already searched Acro's room yesterday!
There's no reason to even say it. If we found what you think we found in that room, Acro would not be here as a witness. But to put a point on it, Max's bust was not in the room! The murder weapon is still unaccounted for.
Furthermore, Detective Dick Gumshoe executed the search by complete surprise. And we took Acro directly to the prosecutor's office after that. End of story...
Thank you for your support...
What?
Why are you the most surprised person here!? She's YOUR aide, isn't she!?
The murder weapon... Where is Max's bust now!?
He better not say...!
T-That clown...? You don't mean!?
Refrain from making yourself look stupid!
We searched that room inside out and there was absolutely no sign of a bust!
I already told you that we searched his room from top to bottom! Prepare to taste your own tears... Mr. Phoenix Wright!
How could you possibly think that!?
...
I-It's... It's in the Big Top!?
Once again... You are so predictable, Mr. Phoenix Wright. Enough of your bluffing. The Ringmaster's room was thoroughly searched... There was no bust found. There's absolutely no way I'm wrong. I'd even stake my life on it!
And you get one too!
The c-c-cafeteria...!
Spare us the jokes!
We went over that cafeteria with a fine-toothed comb and found no sign of a bust!
...
...You had to think about whether it was a good idea to say that!?
Don't think you're getting off either!
...Proceed Your Honor.
...You!! You fool! How could you...!?
...What!?
...?
...I can't believe it... I... Failed! Why did I order a surprise search of your room...? If only I hadn't done that...
What do you mean by that...?
I'm... An... Idiot... I can't believe it... You... Beat me... Again.
