Franziska von Karma... Prosecuting prodigy.
... Legends are a thing of the past. I am a Von Karma. That is all. Upon a special request, I flew in today for the purposes of prosecuting this case.
... There is no such weakling as this man among those of the Prosecutor's Office.
...I told you, there is no such weakling!
This promises to be interesting... Miles Edgeworth. ...I had expected to face Phoenix Wright here today. But looking at you now... ...maybe this is what I have been waiting for all this time. Miles Edgeworth! I will not allow this chance to crush you slip through my fingers!
...The stage is set. Now continue with the proceedings, Your Honor.
The murder victim is the famed picture book author, Ms. Elise Deauxnim. Her body was found in the Hazakura Temple courtyard. She had been stabbed through the torso by a ceremonial sword from a golden statue.
There is no mistake. This was the doing of Sister Iris. After all... there is a witness to her crime.
...Witness. State your name and occupation. Please.
...Once again. Your name and occupation, please.
...The courtroom is the garden of holy judgment. Those with lechery in their hearts should leave this sanctuary at once!
There is only one problem with this testimony that I can see... And you're not about to fall at the first hurdle, now are you, Miles Edgeworth?
Like a tutor, watching to make sure a spoiled child studies.

A defendant or a witness... Who is more likely to lie, do you suppose? The defendant is simply lying to cover her back!
...!
...All people lie. That is my belief.
...Pathetic, Miles Edgeworth.
That's right. In other words... ...it was pure coincidence that the witness saw the crime taking place before her eyes. There was no complicated set-up in this case!

H-Hold it right there! Why do you have that...!?
W... What!?
...Sister. This hood... You have spare ones around the temple, don't you?
If there was a surplus of hoods, then she could have worn one of those! ...There is no contradiction here!
Sister. You shall continue with your testimony. Tell us what you saw after finishing your bath, on your way back to the Inner Temple!
I would look the fool if I commented on such foolishness. Anyway, this case is mine... Miles Edgeworth!
Still, you never made it back there that night, did you?
...That could only be the sound of the victim falling.
The next one to laugh gets a whipping!
Her hood...?
Hah... You've dug your own grave, Miles Edgeworth!
Hmph...
Heh... Miles Edgeworth.
If you want to hang yourself, you need only to ask. I'll gladly lend you my whip!
Like me holding a whippet puppy instead of my whip.
You're one smart sister, I'll give you that. The autopsy report states that... ...the victim's body was covered in bruises... ...indicating a fall from around 10 feet in height.
What's wrong, Miles Edgeworth? No snappy comeback remark?
T-The autopsy report...?
Ah...!
Aaah!
Th-That is the logical conclusion... Yes, that's right! The victim must have been stabbed by the defendant in her own room! And she was then thrown out of her window down into the courtyard below!
...!
...No traces of blood were found in the victim's room.
I'm sure there's no need for me to go over this... ...as I'm sure Your Honor is well aware... ...of when a stab wound produces the most blood.
Very little blood is actually lost at the moment of a blade's insertion. If you want to talk about when the most blood would be lost from a body... ...that would be when the blade is removed.
We have come to a conclusion then! The victim was thrown out of the window with the sword still in place... This removes all of the contradictions!
...Hmph...
Sister. Please give us your testimony. I will give you a vigorous massage once we are finished here.
Von Karmas strive for nothing but perfection. Putting together such facts is nothing for me! You should know that, Miles Edgeworth!
...I'm sure that you didn't. The weapon was acting as a plug in the wound.
The victim was stabbed in her room and then dropped into the courtyard... ...I think this proves it rather well, Miles Edgeworth.
...Nothing out of place here.
When the defendant was arrested, she was meditating in her room. And her blood-flecked clothing was neatly folded in the corner.
What do you mean, Miles Edgeworth?
What...?
T-That's...
A-Anyway! The witness saw something terrible! ...So what did you do after that, witness?
How long were you out for?
Truly, a heinous, despicable crime.
Whatever it is, I'm sure it's doubly hard for you. Anyway, what is the problem?
...!
... There isn't always a logical reason behind why someone acts!
What contradictions are you talking about?
Explain yourself!

"Doesn't appear"...? What meaningless dribble! I, too, may appear to be weak and frail... But I can crush men under my heel and make them weep, should I so choose!
T-That's...

T-That's nothing more than conjecture! In reality, the victim was stabbed with the Shichishito. Even a weapon of this nature... ...may still sometimes slide out smoothly, and may still sometimes stop the blood loss!
Ah...!
Noooooo!
Bravo... Miles Edgeworth. Raising this many contradictions from a single piece of evidence! All the other attorneys I know could maybe manage one, if that!
And that is...?
A foolishly foolish idea born from the foolish mind of a foolhardy foolish fool.
So maybe the Shichishito was not the murder weapon. Even if that is the case... it changes nothing, Miles Edgeworth! The Sister here saw everything! She saw the defendant stab the victim with a sword-like object.
...!
T-That's...
... No evidence of that kind was found.
...What is it, Sister?
Well then... I think we need to hear testimony from you one more time, Sister.
Quite... There were indeed snowmobile tracks in front of the Main Gate. Here is a photograph.
The tracks begin in front of Hazakura Temple... ...and run all the way to Dusky Bridge!
...That solves your pesky little problem, yes? The Eagle River's current is quite swift, meaning that it doesn't freeze over in winter. Making it the perfect place to dispose of the murder weapon!
Please continue, Sister.
Phoenix Wright... He didn't even have his cell phone on him?
What a naïve boy, as always! Not only do I always carry my phone, but I always have my whip in hand, too!
So... she had already gone, discarded the murder weapon, and returned by that time.
What do you mean, Miles Edgeworth!?
...Of course you did.
How long does it take to get to Dusky Bridge by snowmobile?
It's possible to get to the bridge and back in 10 minutes using the snowmobile...
Is that all you wish to concede, Miles Edgeworth?
Turning to me for help over the slightest thing! Why don't you think for yourself once in a while? ...Your Honor.
A-Anyway... Whatever the reason, the fact remains that the defendant could have done this! The murder weapon was disposed of in the river! Another point to me, Miles Edgeworth!
You've finally accepted the inevitable, it seems... Miles Edgeworth.
What do you mean...?
Hmph... You are forgetting one thing, Miles Edgeworth.
On the night of the murder, it was snowing. The tracks leading to the bridge were erased by the snowfall. This removes your precious contradiction, now doesn't it!
What do you have to say now, Miles Edgeworth!
...In which case, the rest is simple. Sister. Who was the only person who could have driven the snowmobile that night?
...You can't hide it. I already know the answer.
A key... that the defendant is responsible for!
... Would you care to explain... ...why there is a rude index finger currently pointed in my general direction?
...!
Aaah!
...It's too soon to be closing this trial due to snow! Miles Edgeworth! How pathetic of you to rely on the weather of all things!
Answer me this, then! When is a weather report ever correct!?
Forecast, data, all weather reports have some inaccuracies! It may have still been snowing in the vicinity well past 11 PM!
Hah... You can't back down, can you? Such a perfectionist, Miles Edgeworth!
It looks like... It is still snowing in your heart, too. Shivering in the cold, you are closing your eyes to the truth...
Respond! Miles Edgeworth.
Oh dear... You seem to have missed, Miles Edgeworth.
That's right. But proving that is...
...!
And that is...?
Gnnngh!
Aaaaah!
J-Just what are you suggesting, Miles Edgeworth!?
Of course it was. Because those tracks were gone.
...What does, Sister?
Furthermore, on the night in question, we know that the defendant had it! The key was found in her room after the murder!
Y-You must have just failed to see it, Sister.
...Nngh...
...You know of someone who might have seen the snowmobile on the night of the murder...?
...And the second being?
You're the wandering idiot, Miles Edgeworth!
And so...? This unfortunate, unreliable-looking man... What exactly was it that he saw?
... I have no choice, do I?
...Understood, Your Honor.
During the break, a man was detained for suspicious behavior in the gallery.
He was sketching something... Very intensely.
He drew a terrifying woman, armed with a demonic face and a vicious whip.
Anyway, it's time to drag this pathetic excuse for an artist before the court! Laurice Deauxnim! I hope you're ready... Get in here!
...Your sketch is in contempt of this court!
You tried to run away from the bailiff who was trying to hand you your subpoena, correct?
...
Stop your pathetic blabbing and testify like a man!
So, witness? Any idea as to where these contradictions in your testimony lie? Depending on your answer... I may let my whip have its way.
See? You can do it if you try.
...There is only one issue here. What you saw at Dusky Bridge.
You huffy, puffy, loosey-goosey excuse for a whimpering whining wuss of a witness!
So... what happened to the bridge after it caught on fire?
W-What did you say!?
As always, hard to know if he should be called lucky or unlucky...
Because they never arranged to meet in the first place, did they?
...Or a little like that?
And that's why you went to take a look at the bridge?
How far is this small shack you were in from the bridge?
How far is it to Hazakura Temple from the bridge?
It was after contacting the police that Phoenix Wright fell from the bridge, correct?
...I'll give you a few hits too, if you'd like. With my whip.
...What do you mean?
...!
...It has not been proven that the murder occurred at 11 PM. The Sister only said, "around 11". ...In which case! It could have been earlier than that!
And why not!?
...So there was a missing 15 minutes prior to meeting Phoenix Wright. I hardly see that as much of a problem!
Th-That's what it sounds like...
...Then say it!
...Names mean nothing. There is only one issue I care to discuss. What were you doing?
...Enough. Just take that ridiculous sketch of yours out already, witness!
Show it! Now!
Y-Yes, well... I-It's a better drawing than I expected.
......
You...!
...This is all a bad dream. I was hitting you on the cheek to test that theory!
...Actually, there is some precedent for this.
"Accessory to foolishness..." ...Miles Edgeworth.
The defendant "flying"...?
An artist, using a notebook... It's so pathetic, it makes me want to cry myself. I command you to go buy at least a proper sketch pad!
Phoenix Wright appeared on the scene after 11:15... If he was drawing until then, that dispels all doubts.
A foolhardy folly of a foolish statement by an equally foolishly foolhardy fool. How, exactly, can you make this claim?
It seems there are bigger fools in this world than the one at the defense's bench.
...What is it now, witness?
"Evidence"...?
That sphere... Where did you find it?
...?
The victim...!?
...A crystal sphere like that is quite easy to find. I have one just like it on my broach.

A fool alongside another fool, on a fool's errand to reach a foolish conclusion! First of all, this "sketch", which I prefer to call a scribble, is ridiculous! People cannot fly! ...Thus, it is rejected!
...And this crystal sphere. This is nothing more than a red herring!
Give it some thought, and I'm sure you'll realize it as well, Miles Edgeworth! Elise Deauxnim was in her room on the night of the murder. There was no reason for her to go to Dusky Bridge! Therefore, this sphere cannot be related to this case. That is all.

That crystal sphere... It was probably thrown away at the bridge after the murder.
There is blood on the crystal sphere, isn't there? This naturally suggests that it was thrown away after the murder took place. The killer placed it there to throw the investigation off the scent... The same reason that he drew that ridiculous sketch!
Enough joking... Just when did this crystal sphere appear near the foot of the bridge? Unless this can be proven in some way, I refuse to believe this is related to the case!
Prepare yourself for some very appropriate punishment, Miles Edgeworth.
Well, well... Miles Edgeworth seems to have nothing further to say.
That look in your eyes... You remind me of Phoenix Wright when he is cornered.
Birds of a feather flock together... Are you familiar with this phrase? Miles Edgeworth! I think one such bird is calling for its fellow now!
Snowing...?
Wha... Whaaaaat!?
...!

The murder didn't take place in the Hazakura Temple courtyard...!? Only a fool would suggest such a foolish piece of absolute foolishness!
Have you been paying any attention this whole time, Miles Edgeworth!? The Sister saw everything! She saw the victim being killed by the defendant in the Hazakura Temple courtyard!
Th-That's the same thing!
!
Very little blood is actually lost... ...at the moment of a blade's insertion. If you want to talk about when the most blood would be lost from a body... ...that would be when the blade is removed.

You are forgetting one vital thing, Miles Edgeworth! Elise Deauxnim's body was found in Hazakura Temple! On foot it takes 15 minutes to travel from Dusky Bridge to Hazakura Temple. You mean to suggest someone carried the body all that way!?
Ah...!
This... This is completely unacceptable, Miles Edgeworth! You've dug yourself into your own grave!
The only one who could have used the snowmobile was the defendant. She's the one who moved the body! Doesn't that put the final nail in your coffin...?
W-What!?
Do you even need to think about that!? Such a creature could never see the truth, let alone describe it!
Grrr... Grrrrrr!
Excuse me...?
Miles Edgeworth... I don't care about what you were here to do! This was my chance to finally grind you under my heel!
...This is all your fault! Such a terrible witness... You are an affront to all the legal system stands for!
I demand satisfaction!
...
...Enough! A fool's fool fools fools who foolishly accept the foolishness of a fool's fool. Wouldn't you agree... Phoenix Wright?
Your reflexes and mind need to shape up!
"Whip a dead horse!" Isn't that one of your American sayings?
Before you ask me to model, learn to give at least semi-coherent testimony.
Phoenix Wright, it's been a year since we last met. A pleasure to see you again.
Compared to the grandeur of the main gate at the Von Karma Estate, it's but a pet door.
All that snow? Don't make me laugh. This is but a light dusting where I come from.
I wonder how the head nun is holding up...?
Do you enjoy causing other people pain with that sharp tongue of yours?
Hah! Still thinking small I see, Phoenix Wright. Or perhaps, not at all. That's why you will never defeat me!
It's time for us to settle this once and for all with one final showdown!
That's right. Extending my perfect win record. Naturally.
I am Franziska von Karma, the Prodigy.
I gave up a promising career in Germany and came to this country for one sole reason. Revenge.
... Phoenix Wright. You will fall before me. This, I promise. But it will be for my sake, not my father's... Are we clear?
In truth, I was shocked. I came back to America with the intention of defeating you. Instead, it was my little brother who was leading the defense.
Miles Edgeworth told me something very interesting, you know. He said this case has a special significance to you.
And that's precisely why I am here. Your personal involvement will make crushing you into teensy weensy pieces all the better!
No smirking!
That foolish fool, doing such a foolish favor for such a foolishly foolish fool.
Make no mistake, Phoenix Wright. I came here for one thing, and one thing only. To pulverize you.
I went over the whole case file on the flight over.
Yes. Every last word of every last sentence of every last paragraph. All the ridiculous things you did made it a very interesting read, you know. Attempting to cross a burning bridge? Did you even consider the dangers?
...! A fool who doesn't think is more foolish than a fool who foolishly thinks.
I refuse to help you, Phoenix Wright.
It's been a while, Scruffy...
Sister. Please, leave the investigation to me.
I am on your side. I won't do anything you don't want me to.
What are you daydreaming about, Phoenix Wright!?
Silence! I, Franziska von Karma, will personally guide you through your investigation. So you will follow me!
They must have commenced with the investigation.
It must have been very trying for you, little girl.
I am Franziska von Karma, the Prodigy. There's no need to worry now that I'm here.
Well...
...!
I... I...!
............
You didn't have to. The smile on your lips gave you away!
That was cruel, Phoenix Wright. To make a little girl cry like that is inexcusable!
I would say it's about 20 yards.
Therefore, no one has crossed the gorge in either direction since the night of the murder. A simple, yet sound deduction, wouldn't you say, Phoenix Wright?
Phoenix Wright!
Was this once a prosperous port?
Yes. That metal hook is a mooring post for boats, you know.
Don't get smart with me, Phoenix Wright!
Phoenix Wright... Do you think this is how many siblings the head nun has?
...You know what? I think I will.
How naïve of you, Phoenix Wright.
Listen, Phoenix Wright! It's impertinent to call people by their full name!
Come now, Phoenix Wright! What are you doing? Let's go in. It's half open anyway. What harm could come of it?
... Don't you Americans enjoy doing whatever you like and then simply say, "Whatever!?"
I don't know how you're reading it, but it's illegible to me.
Feigning comprehension isn't a very good habit to have, Phoenix Wright.
This must be the door that leads to the Inner Temple. Where Maya Fey was training on the night of the murder...
You could do with some training yourself, Phoenix Wright!
You're completely out of shape.
What's wrong? Why are you so quiet?
Yet, it appears she's nowhere to be seen.
Don't you dare open it, Phoenix Wright!
... What a pity. It's full of nothing but old clothes for the acolytes.
I'm from the Prosecutor's Office. I can do anything.
I'm sorry, Phoenix Wright... "Wafer-thin"?
Not about these mattresses. Certainly not!
Those chains... It's almost as if they're guarding something inside that cavern. I've never seen a lock quite like this before.
What do you think this yellowish poster is, Phoenix Wright?
A woman? I don't see any woman here.
...What's the matter?
Ah. Yes. There is a very appetizing smell in the air. But gravy is a type of sauce. So when you run out of paint, you Americans use gravy as a substitute, I see.
I can't make out what's drawn on this scroll at all. I'll never understand you Americans and your so-called artists...
Prosecutor?
Enough! I believe I have the measure of you. You are the very worst kind of prosecutor. What could be more important than a trial?
Just who do you think you are!? This case is my...
... Phoeeenix Wriiight!
I'm sorry, but... ...you say you experienced death? How is that possible? What happened...?
W-Well, Phoenix Wright! Do you!?
You fool! If that's the situation, why aren't you in there with a search party right now!?
What is this peculiar-looking lock? Why don't we just break it open? It would be a simple matter of...
Very well. Then dare I suggest the obvious solution of opening it with the key?
But you must help him! Even just a little!
I had no idea such a smooth refusal could make me so angry!
You should choose your friends more carefully, Phoenix Wright.
Is something troubling you, Scruffy?
It was merely a simple greeting. A friendly tap on the shoulder... with my whip.
Perhaps you were trying to decided if you wanted to wash "that" off or not...?
So what's behind there, Scruffy?
So... shall we adjourn to this garden, Phoenix Wright?
There's a strange feeling in the air. I wonder what it is...
Don't you know, Scruffy? A Von Karma will always show up wherever there is a clue! And there are plenty of clues to be found here.
It is certainly a quaint little garden. Oh! What is this huge bowl here for?
Everything else is completely frozen over... But the ice in this bowl has been broken.
Next time you're sleepy, you need only come to me! Got it!?
To Ms. Elise Deauxnim?
Recently? How recent are we talking about?
Yes. It appears as though someone has carefully cleared away the snow. No doubt it was you, wasn't it, Scruffy!?
What is it?
...Understood.
...
...Is that it?
It says... "Maya"...
You will answer all our questions now, Scruffy! Without exception!
Forensic team? And what was the outcome of this scientific study?
... That's simply not good enough, Scruffy! Do you think I'll let you get away with that?
That stone lantern, and the surrounding area that's not covered in snow, correct?
We'll have to wait, since she is the only one who can open the door to the Sacred Cavern.
Hmm... Most interesting... Phoenix Wright. I presume you know, don't you. Why Maya's name is written upside-down.
Really? Do tell...
Ahem! Anyway, there's really only one logical explanation to this mystery. Ms. Elise Deauxnim wrote these letters herself, in her own blood.
Surely a special Gumshoe Investigation would reveal the answer, no?
How quickly you forget, Phoenix Wright. Ever since the incident occurred, this place has been completely inaccessible... ...because Dusky Bridge was completely burned out.
Have you nothing else to say about this than your inane ramblings about gravy!?
Still, it strikes me as odd... Why would someone who wishes to remain anonymous become an author?
Is it going to have anything to do with the case, Detective?
Then I'm not interested.
At the risk of repeating myself... ...you really ought to choose your friends more carefully, Phoenix Wright.
You are nothing more than a marshmallow on the inside. The both of you.
The crystal had dropped out of Ms. Elise Deauxnim's staff.
Phoenix Wright! Look sharp and go comfort that poor young girl!
Don't get the wrong impression, Phoenix Wright. More importantly... Doesn't it strike you as odd that the police are unaware of that man's medical situation?
Additionally it raises another question... Why did he choose to tell only you?
You mean, you don't have any special attachments to that coat...? And after all the effort I took to mail it back to you from Germany...
For a detective, you are completely lacking in powers of observation!
Oh? How interesting, Scruffy. Sadly, I don't share the same sentiment. Prepare yourself well for tomorrow, Phoenix Wright!
What was that long pause for, Scruffy!?
It's his own fault for not explaining anything about himself.
Perhaps we'll just have to wait until Summer when it's warmer?
It seems you have a visitor.
Not him again.
Listen to the voice of reason for a change, Phoenix Wright.
This is no time to be standing around, Phoenix Wright! Aren't there other things that demand your attention?
Don't be so rude, Phoenix Wright. What's wrong, Sister Bikini?
Only what you had to do, Sister. You bravely and truthfully testified about what you saw. There's no shame in that. And we'll see to it that your testimony wasn't made in vain!
*glare*
Do you have a problem, Phoenix Wright?
With pleasure, Sister. Bad boy! You need to be taught a lesson, Phoenix Wright!
What is the significance of this talisman, Sister?
Until their death...?
Tell me, Sister... After 17 years, why did she choose to show herself now...?
Wh-What's happening?
The Inner Temple?
It... It seems to have... passed...
What? Where?
...!
Come on then, Phoenix Wright! They won't bar you from entering as long as I'm with you.
You look worried. ...Are you thinking about Miles Edgeworth?
How do you expect us to understand if you don't speak up!
Gone where?
WHAT!?
We haven't seen her.
Then you think Iris might've gone to the Inner Temple to check on the situation...?
...Even more locks...
So you're saying that you can't undo the new locks?
...Miles Edgeworth. Go and get some air. I'll watch over the suspect. You go and get a grip on yourself.
There's no telling what sort of mistakes you could make in your current state. Go and get some rest! That's your only concern now, Miles Edgeworth!
Pride is simply another trap that hinders us in our lives. That said... One must have pride to be effective on the job. At any rate, it seems that this is where we part ways, Phoenix Wright. I'm going to stay here and see if I can't help solve these bothersome puzzles.
Don't you dare open it, Phoenix Wright!
... What a pity. It's just full of old clothes for the acolytes.
I'm from the Prosecutor's Office. I can do anything.
Those chains... It's almost as if they're guarding something inside that cavern. I've never seen locks quite like these before.
In other words, you didn't run away to escape the law. At least we're clear on that.
But what?
Hmm...
And you aren't the one who set these locks?
What?
It will take time, won't it?
Well, that's better than leaving the locks in place. Will you do this for us?
And what might that be, Phoenix Wright?
Being spotted at both Hazakura Temple and the Inner Temple; it's as if you were...
The locks are far more important at this moment, wouldn't you agree!?
...I have asked her everything I can in my capacity as a prosecutor. This incident... Everything related to it goes back to the history of the Fey clan.
Hurry up, Phoenix Wright! There is still much to investigate!
Still a softy as always, Phoenix Wright...
I heard he fell into a river and caught a nasty cold which forced him to sleep all day.
My beauty can't possibly be captured by a mere crayon!
... Nevertheless, I recognize the effort you put into it and that's worth something.
Don't get carried away!
To be honest... I can't understand it either.
Wh-What do you mean by, "Now is exactly the time"...?
Then tell me, Phoenix Wright! Who is Maya Fey being strong for...?
Pearl Fey...
............ ...Why did you just show me that, Phoenix Wright? I have no idea what purpose this is supposed to serve!
Just as I thought... You have a lot to learn about women, Phoenix Wright!
Sorry about that, Scruffy. ...My whip just seems to have a mind of its own.
Pretty good work, Scruffy. That whip was your reward.
Very well, Phoenix Wright. We'll go on ahead.
