Hm. Guess I'm a little early.
Yeah! This is the first job I've had in a while after all!
Well, it's not every day I get a call from Mr. Wright. What kind of work is it anyway? Mr. Wright didn't mention any details.
(Don't tell me he just wants me to clean the toilet again.)
(Come to think of it, it's been almost a year since I was hired. A lot's happened since then... ...But I've settled in nicely despite a few bumps in the road.)
My name is Apollo Justice. I've been practicing law for about a year, but I still have a lot to learn. This is the Wright Anything Agency, and it's where I work. Don't let the name fool you -- It's definitely a law agency.
Uhh, it's the "law agency" part of this office that's usually forgotten... This is Trucy Wright, a budding magician... ...and adopted daughter of the agency's owner, Phoenix Wright. She sometimes makes me help with her magic tricks.
I was under the impression that I was a lawyer...
Huh? Where are we going? What about the job he mentioned?
Another day of not being a lawyer. Should've seen this coming.
(Tell me again why I chose to "work" here?) Where is Mr. Wright, anyway?
Wait a second! (*sigh* And another day of "anything goes" begins at the Wright Anything Agency...)
Whew... So, what are we doing way up here in the mountains?
Yokai? Oh, you mean Japanese monsters? Guess that explains all these weird things... Speaking of which, wasn't Nine-Tails Vale founded by Japanese immigrants?
In other words, I'm your chaperon because your dad was too busy.
I could do without thoughtfulness like that.
(Alright, I guess it's time to move to the "Kyubi Manor's Garden"...)
This monster craze... Come to think of it, I think I heard about it on TV. It's supposedly how Nine-Tails Vale made a comeback from the brink of fiscal disaster.
Um... Sorry, but I plan on staying a lawyer.
(You don't have to act so surprised by that.)
Hey, Trucy? Have you seen my attorney's badge?
This is so weird. I wonder if I dropped it somewhere.
Forget about panties. I'm looking for my badge.
......Hey! That's my attorney's badge! Wow! How'd you do that?
Wow, I didn't even-- Wait, you took my badge?!
Check it out.
What about you, Trucy? People can tell you're a magician by the way you're dressed.
You could always show you're a magician by making things appear or disappear.
Umm, magic or no, aren't you a little old to be showing those things in public?
You're abandoning your dream just like that?!
Wow, this place is really something.
And this is?
No, ha ha. I'm Apollo Justice! Nice to meet you!
What the--!
Argh... What is this thing?
Um, but I'm not a monster.
Or you could just say I'm human.
(I got up early to do my hair for this?) Um, can I take this off now?
I'm not going to eat you!
Um, don't worry. I'm already full.
(Great, now I'm playing along, too.)
Um, so I wanted to ask you about Nine-Tails Vale...
Aaaaugh!
I'm starting to wonder if I really am a demon myself. Um...
This isn't working. We won't get anything out of her until we set the record straight.
(Ouch, unnecessary roughness... Looks like I have to present some proof. Proof that I'm 100% human!)
Would you mind taking a look at this?
Ack, banished again.
Sheesh, you make it sound like I'm some kind of creep.
Um, I wanted to show you this.
It's my attorney's badge. You see? I'm not a demon, I'm a lawyer.
(Whew... Maybe now she'll stop calling me a demon.)
Who's Enma Dai-O?
Can I go back to being just a normal demon?!
(A Turkish bath? Isn't that more sauna than bath?)
Argh! I told you, I'm not a demon! And Trucy, you're just making things wors--! (Ack!) Umm... You just leave that Enma Dai-O to me.
(Will someone tell these two I'm human, already!)
Really? So, the monster craze is the reason behind today's festival?
Prowling about? You mean like wild animals or something?
Man-eating monsters?! And they're all over the place?
Well... When I was a kid, my friends used to play this prank called Ding-Dong Ditch.
Tenma... Taro? The Forbidden Chamber?
Um, about that yokai you said was imprisoned here at the manor. Is it true?
So that's the yokai imprisoned in the Forbidden Chamber?
So... you're saying Tenma Taro is still trapped inside the Forbidden Chamber?
(What a... charming security system.)
Ah, uh, thanks, Jinxie. (Maybe I'll give this to Mr. Wright.)
What's he like?! Well, uh... he's um... He's bald, has a white beard, and...
He shouts, "Guilty!" and "Order!", while banging his gavel. I call him "The Judge."
Nah, he's just an old man who's wiser than you might think.
So... I was wondering... Are those things on your forehead also warding charms, Jinxie?
Evil things?
(I wonder what would happen if I did take them off...?)
(Better not be a yokai parade. She'd probably drop dead from fright.)
Ahhh! D-D-Demon! (Oh, wait... It's just someone in a suit... right?)
Tenma Taro? (The demon from the Forbidden Chamber?)
...She sure gives up quick. (Huh? Why's everyone hiding their faces?)
Huh? (Steal my soul? Seriously?)
Now what?!
W-What was that all about? Did that wrestler just chase off a yokai? Looked like he came out of the alderman's manor.
(Jinxie sure seems chipper all of a sudden.) What was all that about him banishing Tenma Taro?
(So that was the big surprise, huh? The Amazing Nine-Tails and Tenma Taro, huh... Well, whatever floats her boat.)
She's a strange one, all right.
(Knowing Trucy, she probably has lots of friends who are "sweet" in their own way.)
The fun never stops, does it?
I know, because my wallet's running on empty.
Huh? Hey, isn't that your friend Jinxie?! I hope everything's okay.
Whaaaaaat?!
Tenma Taro?! You stay here while I go have a look.
Huh...? Ack!
Okay, got it!
What...? AAAAAAAAAGH! Huh? Are you alright?
Help! Someone call an ambulance!
The police arrived soon after that, at which point I returned to the festival grounds. Apparently, the man impaled by the spear was already dead. But there was one other person there, and he was immediately rushed to the hospital.
Thank goodness the other man's going to be fine. Sounds like he'd only been unconscious.
I'm sure she'll be back to her old self in no time. At least she's calm enough for the police to question her for now. (And I'd sure love to know what crazy animal left those feathers and tracks...)
Heya... Feeling any better? ...I was wondering if you're up to filling us in on what happened...
So, the man with the spear in his chest was already dead?
(So the victim was the village alderman...) And the one who was found alive? Who was he?
So... he's the killer? Ack!
Papa? As in... your father?
No way!
(This just got way more complicated. The victim was the alderman of Nine-Tails Vale. And Jinxie's father, the mayor of Tenma Town, was arrested for the crime. Sounds like we have some investigating to do.)
Would you mind telling me a little more about the victim?
So the victim was the village alderman? What can you tell me about him?
(A former pro wrestler, huh... Hmm... That's something to keep in mind.) With your father being mayor and all, I guess you're originally from Tenma Town, huh? So then, why did you come work here?
They really went all out, making it look like a real scroll and all.
I've heard of losing or selling your soul for many things, but for the price of a souvenir?
Wouldn't it be better not to sell them at all?
(Camera demon? Sounds more like an overexcited tourist.)
(Um... Why is she staring at me like that?)
Jinxie, when you first told us what happened, you said the killer was a demon.
(The Forbidden Chamber's door? That big door that was barred shut? There wasn't a charm on it when I check it out, so I guess it was removed by someone...)
(Between the warding charm being removed, and the black feathers and weird tracks... ...I could see how a superstitious person might think a demon was the killer.)
Chance for what?
Who, me? Wouldn't a man like Mayor Tenma have access to more experienced lawyers?
(Sounds like they're expecting an open and shut case.)
Wha--?!
(Oh, right... Jinxie already lost her mother.) ...All right. Jinxie, leave your father's defense to me!
Yep, because that's what lawyers do. (Plus, no toilet cleaning for a while!) I'll do whatever it takes to make sure your father walks away a free man!
(It's been awhile, but I'll be fine! Ready or not, here comes Justice! Guess I oughta go and meet my new client.) Ah, but before I forget... (Better jot this down in my notebook.)
Oh, I just thought I should jot down some stuff about the case. And so I don't misplace them, I'm putting my Notes in the Court Record. I guess it's what you would call a "To-Do" list.
(To read my notes, I just open the Court Record with R. Then I can switch between the tabs using L and R.)
Wait, what?
(A paralyzing stare... Laser beams from his eyes... He sounds like some kind of monster.)
Okay, thanks.
Ah, visiting hours. Perfect timing. (Hope he's not as scary as he sounds...)
(Yikes!) S-So you're Damian Tenma, r-right?! I'm, uhh... I'm Apollo Justice, attorney-at-law! I'm here to, uhh... I'm here to help! Huh? Aaaaaaaaaaah! (Lemme outta here!) S-Sorry, sorry! I get a little loud sometimes!
Umm, sorry. Did I do something to offend you?
(.........Wait, so he wasn't mad at me?)
No, wait! We can do tea and cookies after we prove your innocence! How about you start by telling me what happened?
(Whew, that was close. We don't need "jailbreak" added to the list of charges. Seems like a good guy, but with a face like that, I can see why he's misunderstood.)
Mayor Tenma. Do you mind if I ask why you were arrested?
Whoa! S-Sorry! I guess some things are better left unsaid!
Excuse me?
Go on...
No, wait! You can protect the moral fiber of our youth after you've been declared not guilty!
(Phew... Our youth just came this close to quite a scare.)
Your prints were on the murder weapon? That's never good. Any idea how they got there?
I see... A drug induced slumber, and a blow to the head. No wonder you hardly remember a thing.
(Huh? Was that some kind of strange laugh?) Well, I think we can safely assume your prints were planted while you were unconscious.
What do the police have on you as far as a motive is concerned?
Oh? Was it personal in nature?
Yikes!
(I'd like to tell YOU to stop shouting like that, but I'm too scared!) So, um, that's the motive the police have established for the alderman's murder?
And that's why they think you killed him, he was in your way.
Um, M-Mayor Tenma? Are you okay...?
It'll work out fine! Just leave it to me! (If only it really were that easy. I don't even know where to start...)
Oh, no thanks required. Just doing my job.
(He's even scarier when he's not saying anything.) Um... Nice day today, huh?
I, um, love nice days like these. It's, uh, perfect lawyering weather, heh heh heh!
Yes, right, the trial! (Why do I keep blabbering on like that?)
Those charms on your head... They're the same as this one, correct?
Oh, right! (So it's not some creepy fashion statement.) Still, there are an awful lot of them.
Can't you just peel them off?
(He really cares for his daughter.)
I wanted to show you this.
Aaagh! Sorry!
(I hate when he clams up like this.)
Thank you for meeting with me, Mayor Tenma.
Yes?
Leave it to me! Trucy and I will look out for your daughter!
New... friends?
(Friends? Sounds more like a bunch of monsters to me!)
(Whew... Why am I so tired? I must've been more tense than I thought... Still, I'm glad he didn't turn out to be as scary as he looks!) A call? ...Oh, it's Mr. Wright. Justice here.
Hi, Mr. Wright. What can I do for you?
Oh, that. It was kinda spur of the moment. (He's actually calling ME about a case?)
Sure. What is it?
(That's right. I remember hearing about her coming to join us. Guess that was today.)
Wait... Whaaaaaat! Where is she now?
But I've never even met her before. What does she look like?
Okay, I'll find her. A new addition to the agency... (Well, I'd better get back to Nine-Tails Vale quick.)
Trucy, I'd like to hear your thoughts on what happened.
I could sure use your help, but remember what Mr. Wright said? "Trucy, you're in high school now, so you need to focus."
Wait, no! He was talking about your schoolwork!
Oh, um, okay... Jinxie's always plastering charms on my forehead. What should I do?
Do what...? ......Ack!
How's that a solution? Either way, I still have a charm plastered on my forehead!
Check it out.
What about you, Trucy? People can tell you're a magician by the way you're dressed.
You could always show you're a magician by making things appear or disappear.
Umm, magic or no, aren't you a little old to be showing those things in public?
You're abandoning your dream just like that?!
You mean like having charms come out of your magic panties?
Somehow, I don't think that would go over so well.
How does that make it any better?! And I'm not your assistant!
Where in the world did you get that idea?
No, wait! That's crucial evidence!
Fabricating evidence is even worse than making it disappear!
(Looks like I just found Ms. Athena Cykes.)
What the-
.........Urnngh... Think you can watch out for the bystanders next time...?
I think so. (But that police officer's out cold.)
(Reflex? Sounds more like a felony!) You're Athena Cykes, I take it?
I'm Apollo Justice. I work at the Wright Anything Agency.
...It's a long story, but it IS a law office, among other things. Didn't Mr. Wright explain it to you?
(I could say the same thing to you.) Well, here I am. Now how about telling me a little bit about yourself. Mr. Wright didn't really tell me much... as always.
So, Athena, I hear you just passed the bar.
Oh, so you must be a bit younger than me.
E-Eighteen? How in the world did you become a lawyer at that age?
All I can say is, wow... (She must be a genius or something.)
(Psychology helps her be a better lawyer? How exactly does that work?)
Oh, right, you haven't met him yet. Well...
...And that about sums it up.
Wait, are you crying?
(Um, they're called "tears"...)
So, Athena, you mentioned studying psychology.
Oh, really? So how do you plan on using it to defend our client?
Widget...?
IT TALKS?!
Now THAT I seriously doubt.
......... (Actually, I just haven't polished it lately... Maybe I should keep that to myself. No need to deflate her dreams about "work" just yet.)
Seems to me Tenma Taro's ability to fly would give him an edge over the Nine-Tailed Fox.
He won't be pouncing on anyone after he's dropped from way up in the sky!
What do colors have to do with anything? (Besides, everyone knows red is the best.)
No need for that! I was just wondering.
A special edition covering our case? That was quick.
Right... Well, let's see what it says here... (What's the deal with the Spanish?) Tenma Taro was seen.... wha--? He was seen flying through the sky?!
Well, there were black feathers and strange tracks at the crime scene. I'm not surprised the locals think a yokai was involved.
Ha ha ha, n-no, of course not. (Now German? Why not plain old English?)
Okay, what's next on the list?
We don't have to run all the way there.
(Why does this have to be a competition at all?)
Really? What does it say?
I don't know about a Kappa, but I bet the Konaki Jiji... ...is just a shot of someone's grandpa lost and crying up in the mountains.
So, that wrestler's gone missing.
Don't worry, there's nothing suspicious--
Horns?! That's my hair...! Anyway, we're lawyers, and we're here to--
Um, same here.
Youch! These horns, er... I mean, my hair isn't meant to threaten anyone!
*sigh* (That was fast. Guess he's done with me.)
Ah!
.........Somehow, I don't think that will be necessary. Just check your wrist right now.
(It was barely in the bag in the first place!)
(Sheesh, I almost feel sorry for him now.)
Well, I got my bracelet back, and he seems sorry enough, so...
You leave my wallet out of this.
(Talk about a quick escape.) ...Hm? Looks like he dropped a few things. Looks like a pair of diagrams. This one's of the crime scene, and here's one of the foyer.
The guy's the living definition of a bumbling thief.
They look like something the police might draw. Wonder where the caretaker got them?
Now then, as I recall... ...the Fox Chamber should be at the top of those stairs.
The popular opinion seems to be that they're from Tenma Taro.
Even if he did, I'd be laughed out of the courthouse trying to indict him.
And who are YOU? Are you with the police?
Ack! Under arrest?! B-B-But...
P-Please, wait! We're Mayor Tenma's lawyers!
Sorry, we didn't catch your name.
Hoo boy... (This guy's a story and a half...)
So, would it be okay if we had a look around?
Couldn't you make an exception?
Ack! (Yikes! Is he reaching for his...?!)
...! (Phew, it's just his badge.)
Good luck! Let me know how it goes! (I bet he's as dense as heroes come...)
*sigh* I knew it. Look, there's just us and you here, right?
Th-That's right...?
Um, what?
You have him on the ropes now, Athena!
Well, we can't have a fair and just trial without a thorough investigation, so...
Yeah, he's [sic] seems pretty neurotic as far as champions of justice go.
(After all that about authorized personnel only... this was surprisingly easy.)
If you don't have any information to offer, you could just say so.
Right. A search of the crime scene should turn up some evidence we can use at the trial. Let's try viewing the crime scene from different angles.
Touch the arrows on the bottom screen or press left or right on [D-Pad]. If there's a particular spot you want to examine, just give it a tap.
The Forbidden Chamber... They say the demon Tenma Taro was imprisoned in there before his "escape."
It's worth a try. Hrrrgh! ...No good. It's shut tight! I don't even see a key hole. Seems pretty hopeless.
Yikes!
(So, an unopenable door. Right.)
(So, the Forbidden Chamber was shut tight at the time of the murder. Sounds like something I'd better keep in mind.)
So, this is where Alderman Kyubi's body was found.
That's not good.
Yikes!
Umm... What was that all about?
Apparently, the mayor was found drugged and unconcious in it.
Yeah, and when he came to, he was arrested for murder. Talk about your rude awakenings.
(It's like she's on her own emotional roller coaster.)
Maybe it's the Nine-Tailed Fox's sidekick. I bet the number of tails represents a yokai's power.
Wait. What?
Like I said, what?
There's something wedged under this chair. Let's see if we can't lift it up and...
Yikes!
(He does have a point there.)
(The more I get to know her, the scarier she gets. Hope she never finds MY weakness.)
Whatever this is, it's stuck on tight.
The blood's probably the alderman's, but it's pretty far from his body. Wonder how it got here... (And why does this seem important?)
(Nothing much to see on this side. Maybe I should go check the other side.)
Looks like something a demon might use. Saw something like that in a manga once.
Oh, things like pinching through cheeks...
Pulling out tongues...
Oh, and you should see what they can do to a person's eyes--
Demons eat canned food? I always wondered what they are besides people.
These weird tracks must've been made when someone stepped in the alderman's blood.
Then it must be one big bird! And not one of the friendly yellow type, either!
So, your theory is a giant mutant bird murdered Alderman Kyubi with a spear?
Sorry to burst your bubble, but a giant spear-wielding bird is by definition a monster!
I read that the Japanese used to use these in drafty rooms, but now they're just for show.
(That cop treating her like a child must've really bothered her.)
Hmm... Unsteady and umm... restless.
Wait! That was some kind of psychological test?!
You're actually not that far off the mark.
Hm? There's something behind the door. Whatever it is, it looks like it's broken. Probably broke when the door was opened. Why would anybody put something there?
Maybe it was Jinxie. She was the first one to discover the body. She must have heard the screams and come running in here in a panic.
I am?
(I can't tell whether she's serious or not. Now, if Trucy said something like that, I'd immediately know she was messing with me.)
This raccoon-looking thing? Yeah, it does look like him!
Mr. Filch is mischievous, but he's not magical, you know.
Huh, that looks like an air vent. It's pretty high up there.
I doubt even a high-jumper could make it.
Even so, that must be about nine feet high.
(She doesn't know when to give up and when to stop using foreign words.)
Yokai Division? I didn't know you could have a division of one.
No one's going to hire a masked lawyer, Athena.
Hey, this window opens. And outside... we have ourselves a steep cliff.
Wonder what it's doing here. Did Alderman Kyubi have a pet fox?
What's this gold fur caught in the window frame here? Could it be from some rare gold-colored fox found only in Nine-Tails Vale?
Nothing's getting out that way. There's a steep cliff on the other side.
Hmm... What do we have here? Looks like a statue of the Nine-Tailed Fox and Tenma Taro battling it out.
Really? ...Hey, you're right. Wonder if it's the alderman's blood?
Well, this isn't the first time I've seen something like this, so...
I'm already a lawyer. You want me to be an actor, too?
No such thing.
There's no way a creature like that could ever exist. She'd have a tough time swallowing.
What's that got to do with anything?
(Guess that about wraps it up.) Now if only we could get that detective to tell us what he knows...
Hm? .........I don't hear anything.
Um, what are you talking about?
But why would she hear you through there?
Speaking of things in this room...
Can you tell us what you guys turned up, Detective Fulbright?
Aw, come on, throw us a bone here.
(I doubt leaking information to the defense team falls under that motto.)
Yeah, we did it, all right. (But I'm not sure that was entirely ethical...)
Was it Ms. Jinxie Tenma who first discovered the crime scene?
A key? So, then, the Fox Chamber was locked?
Really? So, Alderman Kyubi didn't have a key to the Fox Chamber?
Well, I wouldn't exactly call you a good little girl, either.
Those feathers and tracks look like something a yokai might leave behind.
(I doubt the mayor would do something as childish as blaming a boogieman.)
...Wait, what? Now I'm as confused as you! (At any rate, I doubt Mayor Tenma would plant evidence like that.)
So, Mayor Tenma is your only suspect?
Wait, are you telling me that's why he was arrested?
Oh, is that so?
(Filch... The guy who tried to steal my bracelet. Just living up to his name, I guess. We should go talk to him again when we have a chance.) What about Jinxie? She's not being suspected at all?
True enough. That spear looks even bigger than her.
Um, so this is my attorney's badge.
Okay, um, how's this... Apollo Justice, attorney at law! H-Here comes Justice!
Okay, I'll try my best!
(Ack! How'd he talk me into this?!)
If you don't have any information to offer, you could just say so.
(I admit it looks bad, but I'm still not buying it.)
The prosecutor assigned to Mayor Tenma's trial?
What the--?! Is this some kind of joke?
Can I ask why a man imprisoned for murder is serving as prosecutor?
But he's a convicted murderer! No matter how you look at it, that's just insane!
(This really is the dark age of the law.)
(What's that supposed to mean?)
The "Twisted Samurai"...? Is that because he's a criminal?
How so...?
What?! And HE of all people is going to stand in court tomorrow?!
......... (That's reassuring, I guess...)
(You honestly hadn't noticed until just now?!) .........Wait a second. Those shoes we found earlier... Excuse me, Detective Fulbright. These wouldn't happen to be your shoes, would they?
(Don't tell me Mr. Filch actually stole from a detective?)
I find it more amazing that Detective Fulbright didn't notice. (Well, looks like we've gotten all we can out of the detective, so let's see... Maybe we should go have a word with Mr. Filch. I want to hear what his "alibi" is.)
(Keep on pilfering and you may wind up a jail bird instead.) So what seems to be the problem, Mr. Filch?
O-Okay...? (What's the deal with him all of a sudden?)
Looks like some kind of mask.
The Amazing Nine-Tails...? (Oh, right -- the wrestler who appeared during the festival's special event...) What's his mask doing here?
Whaaa--?! Wh-Who would do such a thing?
Hm? Look... There's some white hair caught up inside this mask...
So, what makes you believe that The Amazing Nine-Tails has been murdered?
Yes, I mean, no. Er, I mean, just tell me, please.
Demon mask? Heh heh. Wonder if I could make it big.
Huh?! Oh, no, no! I wasn't actually... (Argh! Why did I let him pull me off topic like that?!)
Huh, The Amazing Nine-Tails really does sound, well... amazing.
(Since when was that a compliment?) Ouch! What's the big idea!
Hey, how'd you do that?!
So, you keep saying that the Amazing Nine-Tails was killed. What's the story behind that?
Are you saying he was murdered because his mask washed up along the river outside?
You villagers really are superstitious, aren't you?
The mayor? Of Tenma Town? What is he plotting?
That's quite a tale.
......... (I couldn't make this stuff up if I tried.)
Mr. Filch, would you mind telling us what you were doing at the time of the murder?
(He must be talking about the small room in the upper right. It definitely looks like you can keep track of the comings and goings from there.) And you have an alibi to back your statement up, Mr. Filch?
So, the two of you were together... That's a pretty sound alibi, all right. And nobody came in or out of the manor around the time of the murder?
(So no one came in or out around the time of the murder... That means we're dealing with someone who was already inside when it happened.)
No, I'm not trying to sell it. It could be a key piece of evidence.
Wait, you WANT me to sell it?!
You mind if I ask you about this?
Well, does it ring a bell?
No, this isn't a gift! (Should've known this was a dead end.)
So, do you think this mask is the real deal?
What about that white hair I found inside the mask?
Hmm... Then this places this mask at the crime scene at some point in time. Which means......... (What does this mean? Someone with white hair who is linked with the murder and is against the merger? No way...! Could The Amazing Nine-Tails and the alderman actually be...?!)
Oh, no, it's n-nothing. (Maybe Jinxie could tell us something, since she works here...)
Come up with anything yet?
Huh?
(So basically, you have no ideas. Thanks for nothing.)
What are your thoughts on the case so far?
And you know this how? Psychology?
Wings? That sounds like Tenma Taro!
You think?!
Well, there was that white hair we found inside the mask. I have a feeling it's going to be a valuable clue.
Sure, as long as you're prepared to have that fantasy shattered by the results, too.
Oh, look, there's Jinxie.
(Sounds like she's out grocery shopping. She must really like dairy products.)
(Maybe she should just stick to soy milk.) Jinxie! Hey, it's me!
Ack! (Not another warding charm... *sigh*)
Oh, right. This is your first time meeting each other. This is Jinxie, Mayor Tenma's daughter. She was the first to discover the crime scene.
She went back to the office ahead of us. But don't worry. Athena and I are on the case!
Relax, I didn't eat her up! And I wouldn't do such a thing in the first place!
(I'm about ready for some tears of frustration myself.)
Jinxie, do you remember any more of what happened?
But you do think Tenma Taro was the killer, right? That yokai we saw at the festival?
Huh? But you said Tenma Taro murdered the alderman. ...It's okay, Jinxie. You can tell me-- Yikes! What was that for?!
Huh?! (What's gotten into her?) So, if there are no monsters, you admit I'm human?
............ Oh, I give up.
But that's precisely what we need to know more about... Besides, she definitely thought there was a yokai there in the Fox Chamber. Jinxie, about this charm...
You gave me this when I was heading off to the scene of the crime. You thought Tenma Taro was the murderer. That's why you gave this to me, right?
If there's anything else you could tell us, it would really help. And it will help your father, too!
Why do you think Tenma Taro's the killer?
Jinxie, tell us everything you saw!
Toward the foyer?
Sounds like we'd better get their statements. (Considering Jinxie's mental state, her eyes could've been playing tricks on her.)
...Don't be ridiculous!
(Jinxie works at the alderman's manor, so maybe she can shed some light on this.) So, no one knows The Amazing Nine-Tails's true identity?
Doesn't that make you want to know even more?
Wait... you mean expose, as in strip them naked?
(That means this mask didn't just happen to wash up along the riverbank. There's got to be a story behind it.)
(Bet she'd be shocked to find out he's really the alderman.)
About the yokai you saw at the scene of the crime... Anything else stand out?
Does Tenma Taro usually carry a staff?
How about in other documents? Any of them show Tenma Taro with a staff?
Then what's the deal with the Tenma Taro you saw, Jinxie?
Wow, coming here is like traveling to ancient Japan with all the strange beliefs and all. All those yokai, the Nine-Tails Flower, the Forbidden Chamber, and the list goes on.
Protect the yokai? You mean like endangered species?
Now I'm really starting to wonder about this place.
Jinxie, I wanted to show you this--
(Maybe this wasn't such a good idea.) Oh, um, never mind.
(Wait, Jinxie's a huge fan of The Amazing Nine-Tails. She'd probably freak out if I showed her this mask without the guy in it.)
Guess I'll spare her the grief, although she really could use a reality check.
Really? He doesn't sound very secret or reclusive to me.
He takes baths in his mask?
If I saw a naked guy in a mask and a message like that on his towel, I'd run the other way.
Sune... kosuri? You know, I don't know that one. Tell me about it.
Um, how about investing in some shin guards, and watching your step instead?
Tsukumo... gami?
(Is everything to her some supernatural phenomenon?)
Why didn't you tell me you saw Tenma Taro earlier?
Mr. L'Belle?
(Oh, right. The other guy who was supposedly in the foyer at the time of the crime.) And what exactly did he tell you?
Village superstitions?
And that's something everyone here knows?(Sounds like a bunch of baloney to me.)
Hey, come to think of it...
(Huh? Why's everyone hiding their faces?)
Huh? (Steal my soul? Seriously?)
(The guy at the special event thing said almost the exact same thing.)
I seriously doubt it. He's not even from Nine-Tails Vale.
Good question. I think we'd better go have a word with him.
Maybe he's out for a walk or something. (Hmm? Somebody left something on the sill of the caretaker's office window.) Oh, it's a TV program guide.
(I bet she was going to scream, "Monster!" which really isn't much of a stretch...)
Oh, no, it just caught my eye. Can I ask if you watched this pro wrestling program today?
(I seriously doubt that.)
(Almost forgot. There's something I wanted to ask him.) Mr. Filch, did you see anything unusual around the time of the murder? For example, Tenma Taro or something like that?
So you did see him?
Don't change the subject! And FYI, that was a seriously bad attempt at flattery. Jinxie said she saw Tenma Taro flee toward the foyer. So you must've seen him too if you were here!
(Wow, I really pushed a button there!) Well, did you see anything or not?
And you are?
(Beau divine? More like yokai grotesque. This place is crawling with monsters.)
Ack! Wh-What the heck was that for?!
Ugh. I think you just paralyzed my olfactory receptors.
(Where's my bottle of "Adieu" so I can return the favor?) Enough about the cologne. Please tell us what you saw around the time of the murder.
I heard you're the one who told Jinxie not to mention that she saw Tenma Taro.
That's crazy! You really expect me to believe that monsters are real?
(Look who's talking!) So, Mr. L'Belle, you didn't see Tenma Taro? Aaah!
(I've got two words for this guy: total freak.)
Could I ask you what you were doing at the time of the crime?
Oh, no, it's just a formality. We ask everyone the same questions. Aaah!
Urnngh... Like that spritz really helped...!
(.........What is WITH these two? Great, now he's got me talking like that.)
............ (Guess it doesn't work on all monsters.) Yurk!
Blech!
Ack... (Now I really wish it would work.)
You sell glossies of yourself?
............ (Well, guess that's it. Civilization over.)
No, thank you!
Oh, no, I just wanted to show you this.
(Guess he'll only look at stuff that interests him.)
...Right. Well, thanks for your help. (So, these two were in the foyer, but didn't see Tenma Taro.)
......... (What does he mean, "practice statements"?)
Really? How can you tell?
You mean you have good ears?
That's an interesting skill... But what do you mean he's preoccupied with Tenma Taro?
Everywhere we turn it's Tenma Taro this, Tenma Taro that. Hmm...
Sounds like a plan. (We need to get to the bottom of that rumor about him wanting to release Tenma Taro.)
(What am I doing asking the mayor if he has ever thought about releasing Tenma Taro?! At best, he'll think I'm an idiot. At worst... *shudder*)
(Eek! Glad he didn't mind Athena calling him by a completely wrong name!)
(Lucky for you, after that blunder you just made...) Um, there was something I wanted to talk to you about. There are rumors going around about how you want to or did set Tenma Taro free.
Yikes!
(What he really needs to work on are his people skills...)
Um... So rumor has it that you want to push the merger through... ...in order to release Tenma Taro. Of course, that's just a bunch of baloney, isn't it?
Ack! Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! Sorry if I offended you!
I can see how that would make you angry.
Huh?
No, wait! First, we have to get you a not-guilty verdict.
Relax! We'll look out for your daughter until we can get you free.
(Whoo boy... They'd probably call in the SWAT team if he showed up at her school. Oh, right. I ought to ask about the reason behind the merger.)
It seems like you were rather forceful in pushing for the municipal merger. Did you really want Nine-Tails Vale that badly?
(Wait... Am I feeling what I think I'm feeling?)
(I knew it. My bracelet's reacting!)
Mayor Tenma may not be telling the whole truth.
People invariably tense up when they lie. That's where my bracelet comes in. I can sense when the person I'm talking to is feeling tense... ...because it begins to feel tight on my arm.
Wait, so you believe me? Just like that?
(Oh yeah. Athena has a gift, too: her special sense of hearing...)
I don't know, but it's our job to find out. (It's been a while since my bracelet last reacted like this. Let's see if I still remember how to do this... First I touch my bracelet (X)... Right! Now let's give it a whirl!)
Yes, I remember this feeling of intense concentration! The ability to see the smallest twitch, the slightest frown that no one else can see... Now, Mayor Tenma was lying somewhere in that statement he just made. And when he lied, a certain "habit" made itself clear just under his right eye. I just have to shift my viewpoint up and focus on that area! All right, I've got him now. His tic should appear when he's trying to pull the wool over my eyes. I've gotta pour [sic] [recte pore] over every

Mr. Mayor, please, you can trust us with the truth.
When you mentioned tourism... ...the bottom of your right eye started twitching.
Please, tell us more about your merger bid.
Why were you really seeking to merge with Nine-Tails Vale?
You really don't trust us, do you?
I think you've yet to realize that what you're saying contradicts the facts. You say that the monster craze really revitalized Nine-Tails Vale, so... ...you felt it would be an attractive prize for its tourism. But that would contradict this.


This evidence proves you're not being entirely truthful with us. Aaaack! S-Sorry, sorry! I take it all back!
If that's how he deals with flies, I'd hate to see him when he's really angry.
Y-Yes... yes, sir. (This guy is seriously scary!)
The monster craze in Nine-Tails Vale is a very recent phenomenon. It was sparked when The Amazing Nine-Tails rose up against the municipal merger. The village was practically a ghost town before then.
So, you see, you couldn't have possibly seen it as an attractive prize for its tourism. What's the REAL reason behind your push to merge Tenma Town with Nine-Tails Vale, huh?
Are you ready to tell me the truth now?
Protect her from what?
What?!
Wait, so you think the blackmailer and the killer could be one and the same?
Ah! (Could it be...!) What if there was another reason for the murder?
Maybe the blackmailer discovered Alderman Kyubi's secret identity! And his secret identity was a threat to the blackmailer's merger scheme!
(I have evidence revealing the alderman's secret identity. Maybe it's time to use it.)
Um... this is a photo of the crime scene. You didn't happen to see a yokai there, did you?
Oh, no, I'm not saying I believe in monsters or anything, aha ha ha.
I-I'm sorry!
Heh heh... (Please, somebody let me out of here!) Ummm... so did you see one? You know, like, I don't know, Tenma Taro or... Never mind, just forget it, heh heh!
(Is he laughing at me, with me, or even laughing at all? It's kinda hard to tell.)
Mayor Tenma, please take a look at this if you would.
This mask was almost definitely at the crime scene. And there was some white hair inside.
There was but one person with white hair in the manor that day.
You know which man I'm talking about, right? I'm talking about Rex Kyubi -- The Amazing Nine-Tails himself!
Um, didn't I just say that? But yeah, The Amazing Nine-Tails was a threat to the blackmailer's scheme. He opposed the merger and as a result, single-handedly sparked the monster craze.
There had been an event at the manor... ...and maybe Alderman Kyubi had taken part in it... if you get my drift.
Mr. Mayor, do you have proof of the threat that was made against you?
The blackmailer must've taken it with them after they killed the alderman. Well, at least we've clearly established the killer's motive.
I don't know. All I know is there is no such thing as monsters.
Oh, come on! There wasn't any Tenma Taro to release in the first place!
(We'll probably be arguing whether there was a yokai involved in court tomorrow.) *sigh* I can already see that look of disbelief on the judge's face.
I'm fine! I'm fine! I'll, um... I'll think of something! (I'd better because I can't very well say a flying demon was the killer. At this point, the only thing I know for sure is tomorrow is going to be one doozy of a trial.)
Nothing of particular interest here.
You okay, Athena? You've been really antsy ever since we got here.
(Yeaaah, a real ball of excitement she is... I know just what she needs.) ATHENA!!!
I'm just trying to show you the best way to relieve your pre-trial jitters.
No, I find that shouting "I'm fine!" in a loud voice really relieves stress. It's part of my "Chords of Steel" voice workout, and a must before every trial.
That's right. Here, I'll go first, then you try. I'm Apollo Justice and I'm fine!!!
I thought it might help. Always works for me. And old friend of mine from junior high and I say it all the time.
The point is to relieve stress, not get totally exhausted!
Ah, Mr. Wright. Heh heh, just a little voice workout. Hey, what's with the suit?
That's all?! That's huge news! ...But why now?
(No fair. Inquiring minds want to know. But wow... I'm so used to him in his usual laid-back clothes... That suit makes him look like a million dollars.)
Yeah, he's serving time, but before that, he was a prosecutor. He also uses psychology...?
(Psychology in the courtroom. Been hearing a lot about that lately.) So, he must be a pretty scary guy, considering he's a prison inmate and all.
Ack! I knew he was gonna be bad news!
Wait, so is it true or not?
Yikes! (Better tone down my Chords of Steel, too.)
...Right, Mr. Wright! B-But I'm fine!
Thanks!
(The odds of pulling this off are ridiculously low, but that's nothing new. Believe in our client. Seek the truth. That's all we can do. Hang in there, Mayor Tenma, here comes Justice!)
Apollo Justice, defense team leader, is ready, Your Honor!
Um... who's that with his back to us over there?
(Urngh! Why are all the people related to this case so scary?!)
Looks like the cat -- or in this case, the prosecutor -- has the judge's tongue.
What?! (He actually fell for that?!)
(Wait, who's protecting who from what?)
Well, you know what they say: ignorance is bliss.
Alderman Kyubi had been slipped some kind of sleep-inducing drug?

Not so fast! Don't try to brush it all off by saying the alderman had been a pro wrestler. Do you really expect us to believe he could fight back after being skewered by a spear?
I dunno... It still sounds a little far-fetched.
(I didn't sign up for this!)
(Please let those shackles be made of titanium... I don't want to die.)
(He has the judge leaning toward a guilty verdict, and the trial's just barely begun!)
Whew, thanks for that lifeline, Athena.
(This guy really is bad news.)
Fox and Demon Statue updated in the Court Record.

So, those weapons on the wall of the Fox Chamber... I presume those are real? Don't you think keeping real weapons around like that is rather dangerous?
Wha--?! (That's got to be an old wives' tale.)

It doesn't make sense, if you think about it. Prints could be easily wiped off.
What do you mean?
(I'm... totally lost... so why don't you just tell me the answer already?!)
(I wish trials came with a reset button.)

Come to think of it, a coffee cup was found on the floor. Was the sedative in his coffee...?
What an awful way to wake up.

So, the alderman was drugged because he was really strong?
Well, he did look pretty buff, even in that suit he had on.
Yellowbelly? Who even says that anymore?
I move to strike both of your comments from the record!

Could he really have attacked his attacker after being impaled with that huge spear?
But does being a former pro wrestler make him superhuman?

You need to lay off the comic books, detective! We're talking about real life here.
(So, he found the strength somehow to attack his attacker, huh?)

No, he only thinks it's airtight. It's up to us to poke some holes in it. That part about the alderman fighting back sounds like a big hole waiting to be poked.
Did the alderman really strike the mayor?
Your so-called "justice" need to find itself a pair of legs to stand on. You claim the alderman struck back after the mayor put a spear through him. But the statue he supposedly used to defend himself creates a major hole in your theory.
Well, the alderman was a former pro wrestler, so why would he even use it as a weapon? He could've defended himself with his bare hands! I mean, that's what pro wrestlers do!
Um... Well... Not if I deserve it...?
Sorry, Your Honor! Can I try that again?
If the statue really was used as a weapon, why are there no signs of breakage?
Ah! Eh heh heh, guess I missed that.
Please, let me try that again! (Detective Fulbright claims that the alderman used the statue to attack the mayor. But there's a hole in his theory!)
There are no fingerprints on this supposedly crucial piece of evidence. And if you look at the crime scene photo... ...you'll notice that the alderman isn't wearing gloves.
If he touched the statue with his bare hands, he should've left some fingerprints! Detective Fulbright, you DID take that into account during your investigation, didn't you?
Well, it's just one point in our favor.
Hmm... Well, if it wasn't the alderman... ...that means someone else must've clubbed the mayor.
Exactly! And this could be the big break we've been looking for!
(The least you could do is look at me while being dismissive.)
Justice... dono? (He's been watching too many samurai flicks.)
This is a trial, not a swordfight, Prosecutor Blackquill!
So, um... what are you getting at?
Now let's see... How was that cloth used...? Was it used...
The alderman was probably wearing it over his head.
Sure. They had a festival that day, didn't they? Who's to say he didn't party a little too hard and just forgot to take it off?!
Okay, fine. So maybe he didn't do that... Can I try one more time?
Maybe the cloth was used to wipe as much of the mayor's blood as possible off the statue. And in the process, the culprit inadvertently erased the alderman's fingerprints as well.
Gimme a do-over on that one! Please!
Maybe the alderman wrapped the statue in the cloth. In short, he wasn't touching the statue directly when he used it to strike back at the mayor. Ah!
Aw, it was nothing.
I did? ............Ack, I did!
.........Oops. Arrrrrrrrrgh!
I'll make sure to sharpen it next time.
(Wait, so the inmate was a murdering samurai prison chef?)
(I was kinda attached to that hole... Now what?)
Why didn't I think of that! Anybody could've NOT left prints on it!
Athena, are sure [sic] about this?

No, Athena! You just lost what little credibility we had left!
Sorry, Your Honor. It's just, this kid's still, well, a kid...
Uhh, no, Your Honor. I believe they are a fabrication. The real killer wanted us to believe some sort of monster murdered the alderman.
Umm.... Why, indeed?
Ouch... (This, I'm not reporting to Mr. Wright...)
Wha--?! (You mean you can explain all that?!)
(I'm starting to think I chose the wrong profession.)
Those feathers and tracks stoked the villager's [sic] fears?

Hold on for a second. Before we start letting our imaginations run wild... Isn't there someone else that could be considered a suspect?
On the day of the incident, there was a special event held at Kyubi Manor. And as part of this event, there was someone dressed in the likeness of Tenma Taro. Obviously this person is a much more likely suspect than any legendary demon!
What?
Ahh!

Do you honestly believe Mayor Tenma would do something so stupid?!
(Wait, so he wasn't the predator, but rather the prey?)

Detective Fulbright, is the anti-merger movement really that strong?
I think he means Mayor Tenma. It's easy to get the wrong impression about the guy.

The Amazing Nine-Tails... No one knows his true identity, right?
A police detective and a prisoner in chains? .........You know, I think people would actually pay to see that. I know I would.

Did the murder and yokai evidence really stoke the villagers' fears?
(The mere thought of His Honor buying into Simon the Psycho-Slasher's words... ...makes me want to spark my own exodus out of the courtroom right about now.)

...But it doesn't add up. If what you say is true, why top it off with murder?
You claim that our client planted the yokai evidence to stoke the villagers' fears. If so, then why not stop there? Why murder Alderman Kyubi?
It is, isn't it! So, Your Honor agrees there was no reason for the murder, correct?!
You're saying it wasn't premeditated?
A startling discovery? (Why don't I like the sound of that?)
(...This is not good!)
Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
I didn't think they'd tie the alderman's secret identity to the mayor's motive for murder!
Wh-Wh-Whaaaaaat!!!
You think maybe the killer took the letter from the mayor after the murder... ...and planted it into the alderman's pocket?
(Talk about being up the creek without a paddle...)
Wait a sec... (Fulbright's claiming that the mayor killed the alderman after planting the yokai evidence. And that the mayor was knocked out cold immediately after that?) Detective Fulbright, please add your previous statement to your testimony!

So, you're saying our client hadn't planned on killing the alderman?
W-Well, I guess that does make sense.
I didn't think they'd tie the alderman's secret identity to the mayor's motive for murder.

So let me get this straight. You believe the mayor planted the yokai evidence before the murder, not after?
(Hmm... Something's not right here.)

(Hard to believe that a stiff, humorless man like the mayor could be behind such a stunt.)
Then we're going to need to prove that Mayor Tenma didn't plant that yokai stuff.
Detective Fulbright, your sense of justice is anything but fair!
Yes, and I'm going to prove it to you. Take a look at this photo.
It proves when the feathers and tracks were planted.
But that would be impossible. If you look right here, it's clear when the feathers and tracks were left at the scene.


There's clearly something wrong... right around here.
Ugh... I wonder if bandages do... (There is clearly something wrong with the assertion that... ...the feathers and tracks were there before the murder.)
Yes. See how the feathers are on top of the blood, and the tracks were made in blood? In other words, the yokai evidence could've only resulter AFTER the murder.
But you said it yourself, the mayor had been knocked unconscious thereafter. There would've been no time for him to plant any evidence at all! Therefore! There must've been someone else besides the mayor and the alderman at the crime scene!
Evidence? Oh, I have evidence. In fact, I have an eye-witness's testimony for you.
I have it right here, Your Honor. It's the sworn testimony of Mr. Tenma's daughter. The witness, Jinxie Tenma, saw a yokai in the hallway after stumbling upon the scene. It was the demon Tenma Taro... He's the source of those feathers and tracks!
.........Will somebody please say something?
What do you think I'm trying to do?! Before you decide whether I should step down, please... hear me out...?
It's all in this statement here -- Jinxie Tenma asserts that she saw Tenma Taro. After she discovered the crime scene and called the police... ...she came around a corner in the hall. It was around here... ...that she saw Tenma Taro fleeing toward the foyer! The defense asserts that whoever was impersonating this monster... ...is the one who left those feathers and tracks behind, intentionally or otherwise!
Good. Now let's keep it that way!
My sword? (I didn't know I had one to break.) Are you implying there's a problem with my claim?
Fool and fop? Oh, you mean Filch and L'Belle. Hmm, now that you mention it...
Argh. Why DIDN'T those two see the Tenma Taro impersonator pass by?
I was just about to say that myself. No, really, I was! The defense would like to call Mr. Phineas Filch, caretaker of Kyubi Manor to the stand! I just know he must have seen something!
(D-Did he just say captured? No, wait. I don't want to know.)
...Ah! It's those shoes again!
Don't tell me Filch stole them again.
So, you're telling this court you never saw anyone dressed up like Tenma Taro?
Hm? (My bracelet, it's...)
My bracelet keeps squeezing my arm.
I wouldn't rule it out. (Now, if I could just zero in on a tell -- some sort of nervous habit...)
A-Aaaaaaagh! What in the--?! (W-What's a hawk doing in here!?)
...He doesn't live with you... you know, in jail? (Who's ever heard of a courthouse bird?)
This isn't some sort of trick or-- Aaaaaaaaaagh! (I won't be able to spot squat like this!)
We'll be fine... I think. (If there was someone dressed as Tenma Taro there, Filch should've seen him. We'll just have to put our faith in Jinxie's statement for now.)

Mr. Filch, why did Alderman Kyubi have you handle guard duty?
So, you took said guard duty seriously?
(Blackquill's got him completely under his thumb.)

So no one could get to him... Sounds like security was pretty tight.
And the solution was to entrust the manor's security to a thief? That's not even funny.
I dunno, it seems more like letting the fox guard the henhouse to me.

Did you really keep an eye on the foyer the entire time?!
(Sheesh... Blackquill didn't even say anything.)


Could you describe to the court who you would consider fishy looking?
(He......... just described himself.)
Maybe Jinxie only thinks she saw Tenma Taro. Or...
And if he's lying, we might be able to spot a contradiction in his testimony.
Don't lie to the court like that, Mr. Filch.
Unfortunately for you, I have evidence that proves you're lying. If you look at this TV listing here, you'll see that at the time of the crime... ...there was a pro wrestling match scheduled -- something you'd never miss.
(This guy doesn't know when to give up.) Mr. Filch. Someone even circled the match. It was you, right?
Not only that, you even told me you watched it. You said, and I quote: "It was a complete disaster."
So, do you admit to slacking off?!
(The only thing Filch can claim to be a professional of is "professional thief"...)
That's correct. He claims to have been watching TV and the foyer at the same time. But that's nothing but a bald-faced lie!


This piece of evidence here clearly exposes Mr. Filch's lie.
Oh, it, um... (Whoops! Way off on that one!) Heh heh, sorry. Don't know what I was thinking.
(Whew, looks like he'll let this one slide.)
Yargh!
Please, lemme try that one again!
Please take a look at the direction the TV is facing in this diagram. Now, unless Mr. Filch has eyes where his right ear should be... ...I'd think it would be impossible to watch the foyer entrance and the TV at the same time.
Exactly. And that means, Mr. Filch... ...you were slacking off and were NOT watching the foyer as you claim!
It's very relevant, because while he was slacking off watching TV... ...there really could've been a Tenma Taro impersonator in the foyer!
What now?!
What are you talking about?
Um... I'm not a mind reader. Ack!
But you already admitted to slacking off. Now you say you weren't?
So, you're saying you didn't hear anybody walk by?
A lying thief calling me a shyster. This HAS to be the low point of my fledgling career...
(Says the convict prosecutor who is totally a sign of the end times for the legal world.)
That seems to be the general consensus, but I'm sticking to my guns.
Then we'd better hope my guns fire bullets, not BB's...

You ARE paid for your work, aren't you? So, how do you justify watching TV on the job?
(Sorry, am I supposed to be consoling you over your first-world problems?)
I guess pro wrestling's serious business to Mr. Filch.

You lied earlier about taking your guard duty seriously, didn't you?
(At least leave it until we get the truth out of him, in any case.)

So, you have pretty good ears, Mr. Filch?
Jingle jangle? How does he do that?
Beats me, but I guess Tenma Taro has a staff that makes noise.
I guess that's the source of the noise then...
(Doesn't seem particularly important to me.) No, Your Honor. I don't think it's of any importance.
Extremely vital! I request that it be added to his testimony!

Could someone walk by without making a sound?
That's some scary good hearing.
The sound of shoes makes sense, but wads of cash? What does that sound like? ...Anyway, it sounds like they need to hire somebody to take care of their caretaker.

So, Tenma Taro's staff makes a distinctive sound?
Hmmm... I think we're missing something here, but I can't quite put a finger on it. (Perhaps I should take a look at the Court Record again...)


Please tell the court, what did Jinxie see if not Tenma Taro?
So, Mr. Filch, you'd chalk it up to a child's active imagination?
Well, if that's the case, the details she provided were pretty impressive. But if we're to continue believing Jinxie's statement...
Right, or.... find out why he can't tell the truth.
Tenma Taro's staff would make a jangly sound, you say? Well, I'm going to say that your story doesn't add up.
Mr. Filch, you say that you didn't see Tenma Taro on the day of the incident. Why then, did you assume just now that Tenma Taro would be holding a staff?
You see, the Tenma Taro Jinxie saw held a staff in his hands. And she described its sound just like you did -- as a kind of jangly sound.

The point is that Tenma Taro doesn't use a staff. Not normally.
You see, this is the only known document depicting Tenma Taro. Is there a staff in that picture, Mr. Filch?
I believe the answer will overturn the prosecution's case on the most basic level!
Maybe the scroll is incorrect. There could be an older drawing that shows Tenma Taro with a staff. And Mr. Filch could have seen that.
Oh, in that case, I retract my previous statement.
Argh!
(Filch believes Tenma Taro has a staff... ...despite the fact that Tenma Taro has never been drawn that way! So how could he have possibly known about the staff?)
Mr. Filch obviously has a few screws loose. So, it's no surprise he would make a mistake like that!
(I rest my case.)
(Filch believes Tenma Taro has a staff... ...despite the fact that Tenma Taro has never been drawn that way! So how could he have possibly known about the staff?)
Mr. Filch actually saw Tenma Taro right after the crime occurred! That's the only way he could possibly know about the staff!
(Yes! How'd that feel, Blackquill? Not so fun whe you're on the receiving end of the blade, is it!) Admit it, Mr. Filch! You DID see Tenma Taro that day, didn't you?
Well?!
But you clearly did see Tenma Taro! Stop stalling and testify to that fact!
...He? (Mr. Filch still won't admit seeing Tenma Taro, even though everyone already knows he did. The question now is, why?)
Is that why he can't admit the truth?
Wait, you think Filch believes that, too?
The people of Nine-Tails Vale believe some pretty strange things. And their superstitions may be the reason our witness here can't admit the truth... ...the truth that he really did see Tenma Taro.
Ignoring the superstitions will cost you your soul?
That clears up one mystery. The killer took advantage of the superstitions by wearing a Tenma Taro costume. They knew that that way no one could talk about him, so it was as if he never existed! The defense holds that this Tenma Taro impersonator is the true killer!

Your common sense seems awfully narrow-minded to me, Prosecutor Blackquill!

Well, the village superstitions are real enough to the people of Nine-Tails Vale! A life or death superstition might even make you a believer!
Ah! He took off.
Uh-oh...
His shackles...! Urk! (I... I'm too young to die!)

Then get going, already, before he kills us!
(I think the judge forgot he's in charge here.)
Right! And that yokai, or rather, whoever was impersonating him, killed Alderman Kyubi!
Ack!
What? (He's right, she said nothing about Tenma Taro being in the Fox Chamber...)
...And your point is...?
No, there must've been someone dressed up like Tenma-- Aagh!
I don't understand. Why didn't she see Tenma Taro inside the Fox Chamber?
Uh-oh...
Wait, this IS still a trial, right?
(Sheesh... At least include enough time to wash our hands.)
Doesn't bode well for us if the prosecutor is running the show, does it...?
Yeah, what was that about? Guess they don't make shackles like they used to.
What's with that guy and the whole samurai act, anyway?
No, wait! Let's save the dueling until after we prove your innocence!
(*sigh* Does ANYONE remember we're conducting a trial here?) Athena, I'm gonna go wash up.
(Everyone's a comedian.)
They're bad enough alone, but together, those two are just plain creepy.
So there was a yokai at the scene of the crime!
Wait, more than one yokai? Did Tenma Taro happen to be among them?
Yurk!
You sure you know what you're doing, Athena?
Um, Athena? What exactly are we looking at here?
Whoa! You mean that little thing can do all this?!
(And here I thought it was just some kids' toy.)
So all those yokai she thinks she saw are a product of rampant emotions?
(So she was, and still is, seeing ordinary objects as yokai...)
(Okay, let's give this a try.)

Jinxie, what's the name for that yokai on a wheel of fire?
It's almost creepy how well that fits the actual situation.
(Hmm... I think I know the answer now.) Jinxie, that wasn't a Kasha you saw. Could you have possibly mistaken this for a Kasha?


This is what you mistook for a Kasha!
No?
Really?
(Okay... Let's give this another try.)
This one right here. It has a flame design and is up there on the ceiling. There was never a yokai on a wheel of fire. The Kasha you saw was just a light fixture!
Jinxie! What about this white wall-like monster?
That's no yokai, Jinxie! It's a folding screen!
And this racoon dog isn't a tanuki monster, it's just the statue of one!
And look! These are just coffee cups. And this right here? It's nothing more than a fox statue!
............Wait. Um, Jinxie? What about Tenma Taro?
You've--
Be--
I think we just dug our own grave.
Nooo...!
Does that mean Jinxie hasn't remembered everything yet?

Wait. What am I supposed to do?
So if I find a contradictory emotion, I should point it out?
Contradictory emotions and changes in intensity... Okay, I'll give it a shot.
The amount of fear you felt is rather low despite your legs having given out from fright. Could something have lessened your fear?
You did? Where did it come from?
A sudden burst of courage... Now where could that have come from? Jinxie, was there something that gave you a sudden burst of courage?
Well, there IS one piece of evidence that comes to mind. I wonder if she saw something like it at the scene of the crime. Jinxie, did your sudden burst of courage have anything to do with this?


Could it have been this?!
(Oh... That's not encouraging...)
Guess I got that one wrong.
Jinxie, you didn't happen to see a Nine-Tails Flower there at the scene, did you?
You what?! You can't remove evidence from a crime scene!
A master key... that went missing? (Why don't I like the sound of that...?)
That's a little melodramatic, don't you think?
And your point is?
Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
A-Athena, are you all right?
(Great. Now he's playing Simon Says with us! Well, he's not going fool us [sic] with his stupid mind games!) Athena, don't fall for his tricks!
Hey, are you all right?! (She fell right into his trap!)

Stay with me, Athena! Don't let yourself be twisted by that samurai!
Huh...? Oh, right... (That objection was more of a reflex than anything else... ...though I was hoping something would come to me while I was trying to stop Athena...)
Um, well... Actually, I do! I'm Apollo Justice, and I'm fine!
Not really, but we'll be fine!
(I've got absolutely nothing, but that's never stopped me before! I have to explain how the real killer could have escaped that locked room. Because it's all over if I don't!)
Or in this case, inside the box! (And what a doozy that locked room is, too.)
Y-You bet I do! The real killer must have escaped from the locked room one way or another!
Err... (Time to do or die, literally!)
I-I'm fine! We just need to think this whole escaping-a-locked-room thing over from the beginning! So... let's see. If the killer had escaped... ...how could they have done so?
Yeah, that [sic] why we gotta keep the solution simple. Like they say, simple is best. We need to rule out all of the absolutely impossible escape routes. Then, whatever's left just might lead us to how the Fox Chamber was compromised! Your Honor! The defense proposes that the killer escaped through here!


Ack! I wish I could escape right now.
Um, could I try that one again?
I should've seen this coming...
Simple, right. I could understand if the killer had exited the room with the key, but...
I-I'm fine! I can explain myself! The reason the Fox Chamber's hallway door was locked was because...
Mayor Tenma locked it himself after the killer fled the scene... ...just in case the killer decided to return. That would explain why the room was locked!
Oh, uh, maybe it slipped his mind because of that blow to his head? Aaaaaagh!
You have?
(Oops.) Okay, then how about...
Maybe the door closed accidently [sic].... on its own. Ack!
Right, um... next idea, then...
What if the door was locked from the outside? In other words, the killer took the key through the hallway door, then locked it-- Youch!
If only we could explain both. Like, how the key could be inside the room AND be used to lock the door from outside.
Maybe someone threw it in from the hallway when Jinxie opened the door? That would explain-- Aaah!
Oh...
Ugh. (How could've someone gotten the key into that locked room?)
If the door had been rebuilt after the key was placed in the room... ...that would explain how it got there!
Well, I guess it's highly unlikely that the door was rebuilt in the first place, so-- Ack!
Ugh. (How could've someone gotten the key into that locked room?)
What if someone threw it into the room from outside -- you know, something like... ...go out the hallway door, lock the room, and then toss the key back in through the window. That would explain how the master key could be inside the locked room!
.........Oh! Right... Ack!
Somewhere other than the window? Hmm... Could the key have been tossed in through somewhere other than the window?


I propose the key was tossed in through the window!
What if you threw it in from the bottom of the cliff? I bet you could get it in if you threw it as hard as you could?
Ugh. (So the key didn't get in through the window. Guess I'd better rethink this)

I propose the key was tossed in through here!
Oh, um... Very carefully, Your Honor?
Ack!
(Well, if it isn't the window, from where else could it have been thrown inside?)
Yes. The window may be out of the question, but the air vent's not!
That's right. The real killer entered the air duct from the vent outside the Fox Chamber... ...then dropped the key into the room through the vent inside the chamber!
Don't worry! I'll explain it so even Your Honor can understand. First, the real killer, disguised as Tenma Taro, murdered the alderman in the Fox Chamber. Then, they fled the room through the hallway door and locked it. Next, they entered the air duct from the vent outside in the hallway. Finally, the killer tossed the key into the room through the air vent in the ceiling there! All that was left to do after that was go back through the duct and flee the manor! Well, Your Honor?! Could that be
That explains everything! The real killer was someone dressed up like Tenma Taro. And there WAS someone else other than the mayor and the alderman in that room!
Now that I've proved a possible third party, I don't see how our client could be guilty!
Huh?
Th-That's exactly what happened! The killer fled from the-- Youch!
Wh-Wh-What?!
I don't feel so good.
Hey, you're right!
Wait... So the killer didn't escape out the foyer window?
(That would mean the killer really was a yokai...)
Who's saying we don't? (As completely far-fetched as it might be...)
Whoa! I thought I was the one with the Chords of Steel!
Um, Your Honor...?


This piece of evidence shows that the killer yokai flew through the sky!
............
Never mind. Lemme try that again.
(I know we have some kind of evidence of a flying yokai.)
N-Never!
Take a look at this special edition paper.
The photo in that article was taken shortly after the murder. Maybe the yokai in that photo is the killer shortly after they fled out of the window...?
Oh, I'm serious! I mean, it all adds up! The killer, disguised as Tenma Taro, flew away! You know, by some way or another!
Okay, then, how about the Tenma Taro figure Mr. Filch saw? It just vanished into thin air?
......She? (I don't like where this is going one bit!)
*gulp* (Not good. Not good at all!)
............ Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh! Nooooooooooooooooooooooo!
(Did we fall right into his trap?)
Our case no longer stands without a real yokai. If only we had one.
M-Mayor Tenma?
Wait!
Mayor Tenma! No! Don't fall for his twisted words! If you're sent away for murder, Jinxie will be left all alone!
(But... But I can't prove how the real killer could've flown away...)
Hm? (Uh-oh... I should watch what I wish for.)
Um... M-Mayor Tenma?
Wh-What the--?!
So, Mayor Tenma... is a yokai now?
.........
Huh? What?!
Argh!
H-How so, Prosecutor Blackquill?

But when we arrived on scene, the mayor was found unconscious! How's that possible if he was supposed to have flown out the foyer window?!
............Oh. Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!
(Is Blackquill up to his tricks again?)
It's Simon Says on steroids! He wants to convict our client any way he can -- even if it means blaming a yokai!

Mayor Tenma is just pretending to be Tenma Taro to protect his daughter. Plus, I already proved how a third party could have escaped from the locked room! A verdict at this point would be premature!

I won't fabricate any evidence!
How about I just promise not to succumb to anything?
What's wrong with him?
...A bit late with the reassurances, aren't we, detective?

That statement clearly contradicts the evidence!
Ack!
(It seems that statement didn't particularly conflict with the evidence.)

Consider the evidence. There's obviously something wrong with that statement!
What's that supposed to mean?!
(Oh, no. Looks like Blackquill is turning the judge against me.)

The evidence is at complete odds with the witness's testimony!
(Erk... I better look before I leap next time!)
(Too bad I'm drawing a blank.)
.........And which statement would that be? Since I'm the one betting my life on it.
(Time to swallow my pride and let her lend a hand.) (There must be an inconsistency in the testimony Athena's pointing out!)
So there haven't been any contradictions in the testimony so far... That can mean only one thing...
Right. We'll have to work to get the testimony we need. Let's press the heck out of any statements that stick out.

Hmm... This seems like an unnatural reaction...
So it isn't unexpected given her testimony?
(Yes, there is someone at home, and that someone is going to try that again.)
"I am Tenma Taro, the yokai you seek!" How could such a straight-laced man like Mr. Tenma suddenly become a demon?
Wait! What about the--! ...Investigation.
I was seriously considering a disappearing act of my own after all that craziness. ...Anyway, our next trick is to find a suspect other than the mayor. I know the killer must've used the air duct in the escape.
Right. Maybe there's some evidence in the air duct.
(I wonder where all that stuff goes?)
Well, his sense of justice HAS been beaten to a pulp. It'll probably take a while for him to recover.
The air duct is the key. We know the Tenma Taro impersonator used it to make an escape. After murdering the alderman, the killer left the Fox Chamber through the hallway door. Then, after locking the door from the outside... ...the killer entered the air duct in the hallway. Finally, the killer dropped the key into the Fox Chamber through the air vent here... ...then went back through the duct and fled the manor. That's how the illusion of no one entering or leaving the locked room was created!
Yeah, maybe some black feathers or something like that. Well, here's our vent. It's awfully high up.
(How nice of her to volunteer me for the job.) Whoa, it's pitch black in here. Well, here goes nothing! *cough, cough* *wheeze* *sputter* *cough, cough* There's a thick layer of dust in here! *cough, cough* *wheeze* *sputter* *cough, cough* ............ ...I don't... get it.
Yeah, dust... Lots of dust.
You know how dust collects on something when nobody uses it for a long time?
Right... You think it'd be possible to crawl over that sort of dust without leaving a trail?
Kinda looks that way. And if it's true, Mayor Tenma is going to be fingered as the killer.
(If we don't turn things around quickly...)
Ack!
Argh!
Ugh. And I'm back to my old devastated self.
Let me suffer in peace.
Yeah, but how long can we keep this up?
(She could give a yokai a run for its money when she's mad...)
Yeah, he'll probably just write "Dotard" a thousand times.
Wait... That isn't the staff Tenma Taro was supposedly carrying, is it?
Well, prints or no prints, it's not going to work out in our favor. (Sounds like the staff might have belonged to the mansion. But if that's the case... ...then where in the mansion did Tenma Taro get it from?)
Did Prosecutor Blackquill figure out that the victim was The Amazing Nine-Tails?
Speaking of which, isn't Jinxie also a fan of The Amazing Nine-Tails?
What? No! Did you forget that Mayor Tenma is not only Jinxie's father, but our client!?
(Maybe I should wear a mask to hide MY identity.)
So, you still think Mayor Tenma is responsible?
Um, I think you're forgetting that Mayor Tenma's still my client.
So, it was the spear that killed the alderman?
That's almost superhuman.
Really? Or are you just saying that because of my name, Athena?
Are there any other new developments we should know?
He did? What did he say?
(I wonder what Mayor Tenma remembered.)
How about regrouping back at the agency?
The only people in that locked room were the deceased -- the alderman -- and the mayor.
But is there really anywhere to hide in the Fox Chamber?
There's never an exorcist around when you need one.
Good. Let's hope it's the last we'll see of that pain-in-the-neck yokai.
As an attorney defending a demon, I know exactly how that feels.
Hmm, maybe that's why the killer targeted him. His popularity among the anti-merger faction would have been a major obstacle.
Hmm... It's hard to say at this point.
...Maybe it just wanted to use the bathroom.
No, what I'm saying is the Tenma Taro Jinxie saw was someone dressed up like a yokai. I mean, there is no such thing as monsters in the bathroom. People on the other hand...
(For someone so competitive and smart, she sure get some crazy ideas.)
Maybe I'll... go read over some past cases...
How should I put this? It's like we're at the edge of a cliff and the only way is down.
Yeah, I suppose so. Except this time, it's like we're bound and gagged, too.
I know. I've never had to defend a yokai before.
Yeah, well, we just found out that our reasoning might be a tad... flawed.
Return to the basics?
The basics... (Always believe in your client, huh...)
So, Mr. Wright, how long have you known Athena?
Huh!? Y-You were in Europe? (Why haven't I heard about this before?)
Oh, okay... Er, wait a minute. I thought you worked as a pianist after you quit practicing law.
Oh, I guess you were never very far from the courtroom, then.
(Hmm... Maybe I've underestimated that analytical psychology of hers.)
Wow, that's almost superhuman. (Or personal -- like she [sic] trying to help somebody she knows.)
Why?
Me? Well, I guess you could say I show it because there's someone to show it to. ...Or something like that.
Heh heh, I guess it does. (.........Or does it?)
Here's a little souvenir Trucy wanted you to have.
I don't know, it's pretty creepy looking. We don't want to freak our clients out.
My room?! I don't want this thing in there!
Well, Trucy got it for you, so stop trying to pawn it off on me!
Hey... What's that supposed to mean?!
Really?!
What?!
A whip?!
Wait, your assistant getting accused of murder hadn't made you think that already...?
I-I'll be fine! I'll be more careful next time. Promise!
(Keep believing in my client. Right!) Um, Mr. Wright?
I'm... I'm going to go visit our client again!
(Alright, time to see what's new down at the Detention Center!)
I wonder if we'll ever be able to talk to Mayor Tenma again.
Still, we can't let Mayor Tenma stay possessed, you know what I mean?
I suppose it's worth a shot.
Were those feathers and tracks at the scene of the crime really your doing?
(I guess a little thing like demonic possession won't stop a father's love for his daughter.) You didn't kill Alderman Kyubi, did you?
Yikes! ............S-So... S-So... you're saying, there must have been somebody else there? (Come to think of it, the mayor had mentioned that he'd been clubbed with this statue. I'd better ask about this, too.)
Detective Fulbright mentioned that you might have something new to tell me.
Whoa! Is regurgitation one of your demonic powers, too?!
(So, he wanted to keep it shut tight?)
How do you know that? ...Wait. Is THAT another one of your demonic powers, then?!
(Guess I'm not the only one he scares the living daylights out of.)
Maybe Jinxie knows something about how the whole thing works...
This statue was found at the scene. Someone hit Mayor Tenma over the head with it. It had been wrapped in a large cloth before the alderman's murder.
Maybe the cloth fell off or was removed after the mayor was struck.
(A secret gift? Interesting... Maybe Jinxie knows something about it...?)
Athena! Don't encourage him! It's already hard enough as it is.
Never knew demons were so interested in how they're presented by the media.
Yeah, he's a huge hit from kids all the way up to their grandparents.
(Is he planning a new career as a pro wrestler?!)
Umm... I was hoping you'd take a look at this.
R-Right, right... I'll do my best!
(I should question him about the blackmail letter, too. Let's see what he says when I show it to him.)
Apparently, somebody slipped it into the alderman's pocket. We believe someone, probably the killer, stole it from Mayor Tenma's briefcase. You wouldn't happen to know anything about that, would you?
Who placed this in the alderman's pocket?
So, whoever knew about the blackmail letter being in the mayor's briefcase... ...is a potential suspect in its theft and placement in the alderman's pocket.
Mr. Mayor, er... I mean, Mr. Taro! Did you just remember something?!
Then he may be the blackmailer and the murderer we're looking for!
(Still, this is HUGE! Now we know who might've slipped that blackmail letter in the alderman's pocket! Look out, Florent L'Belle, here comes Justice!)
Thanks for the help. You've just given us a major lead!
We should probably search it for clues.
Let's go talk to Jinxie. Maybe she can help.
Hey, isn't that...?
J-Jinxie, are you all right?
Aaaah!
...Morning, Jinxie.
Makura... gaeshi?
...It sounds like you just need to be tucked in really tight, or maybe a snug sleeping bag.
(I'd say we had a more than adequate demonstration of that just now...)
Jinxie, there's something we wanted to ask you.
You did? What was it?
Jinxie, can you tell us what you remembered?
(I'm almost afraid to ask, but here goes...) Really? What?
Wait, whaaat?! Are you sure?
So, you're saying they were left at the crime scene after you found it?
Why?
Ack!
Oh, man, this is not good. (I sure hope she didn't plant the evidence while she was sleepwalking or something...)
Jinxie, you wouldn't happen to know how to open the Forbidden Chamber, would you? That door doesn't even have a keyhole.
A secret mechanism?! Really?
The alderman of Nine-Tails Vail [sic] sure loved his secrets.
Whoa, slow down! There's something else I need to ask about. Jinxie, is there only one key to the Forbidden Chamber?
Guess that means nobody entered the Forbidden Chamber after the murder. After all, we know Mayor Tenma took the key from the killer and swallowed it, so...
A token of goodwill? But the two yokai are fighting.
Maybe it broke when it was used to hit Mayor Tenma on the head.
So... is there anything else we should know about, Jinxie?
Ack! (My bracelet! It's reacting!) Jinxie, you wouldn't happen to be--
Yikes!
Detective Fulbright! What are you doing here?
Are you here to ask about that whole yokai affair?
The Twisted Samurai sure has him on a short leash.
(Missed my chance to see what she was lying about.)
I just hope they let us in now.
(Oh yeah, before we search the Fox Chamber we should ask about the blackmaill letter.)
Oh, um, there's something we wanted to ask... (Where's that ringing coming from?)
What the--?! (Those things on his shoulders are cell phones?!)
Functional beauty? Are you sure about that? Looks a bit unwieldy to me. Ack!
(...If having an eye for beauty means looking like this guy, I'd rather be blind.)
Both Jinxie and Mr. Filch said they saw Tenma Taro. But what about you, Mr. L'Belle? If you were there in the foyer, why didn't you see-- Ack!
Hmm... (So he did see something.) Then why did you lie about not seeing him?
Protect Jinxie? What do you mean?
Which one are we talking about...?
That one's new to me.
So, what was that rumor about Jinxie?
I-Is that so...? (Although, come to think of it...)
(That certainly would explain how she was acting earlier.)
She did?
(Ugh. I wish I'd never asked.)
.........Ah! Then maybe--
Now wait a minute! (Although... that yokai evidence wasn't there until after she discovered the crime scene... Did she leave those black feathers and strange tracks there herself?)
Jinxie thinks she saw Tenma Taro near the scene of the crime.
Gngh!
(How could anyone look at him and NOT think monster?)
Wait, THAT's your sticking point?!
It's the blackmail letter, but it wasn't sent to Alderman Kyubi. It was sent to Mayor Tenma.
Someone took the letter from the mayor's briefcase... ...and then placed it in the alderman's pocket after he was murdered.
You wouldn't happen to be the one who made the switch, would you? After all, you're the only one who knew that the blackmail letter was in his briefcase... ...so, naturally, you-- Ack!
Or my eyes fall from their sockets.
Oh, uh, well...
Ahhh! You can't destroy evidence like that!
(You've just won a one-way trip to the top of my "most annoying people ever" list, buddy.)
/*sigh* (Oh, well. Guess we'll have to find a way to kill some time.)
Okay, there was something I wanted to ask him, anyway.
/*sigh*
*sigh* (I guess that's it for now.)
......... (Stop the bus. I'm getting off.)
You don't say.
Peasants?
(Guess that means you can't sweat.)
(...Yet, it's not available to the public? Great sales strategy there, genius.)
Better take it before you get a face full of cologne.
We've still gotta find the secret mechanism for opening the Forbidden Chamber.
Then what about rain? Even if you don't sweat, you never know when it might-- Ack!
(Sure they're not being repelled back by your narcissism?)
Okay, let's find that secret mechanism for opening the Forbidden Chamber.
We'll just have to open it to find out.
Still no keyhole, huh.
Well, all it takes is some water, but I don't think that would work on the door.
Ha ha ha. I seriously doubt you could do that.
No, wait, don't!
(As much as you hate losing, Athena, I think the door would win this match...)
That would be a terrible hiding place. The alderman's body would've been right above.
Let's check it out.
Hey, look! There's something down here!
Hmm... Oh, I know! It might be a piece of this statue. Remember what Jinxie said? The statue originally depicted two yokai holding up a cup. It was a symbol of goodwill.
What have we here... It's the piece that broke off of this statue.
I'd say that's the most likely explanation.
There's a carving of the Nine-Tailed Fox over the door and statues of him on either side. The way those two statues are glaring, it's like they're guarding the door from us. Come to think of it, there are two foxes on the folding screen as well. It can't be a coincidence, can it...?
Don't get carried away, now. I mean, who knows? It might trigger a trap.
(I guess if you can catch something that fast out of mid-air, you can accomplish anything. Still... There migth be something to the fact that these fox statues rotate. Maybe there's something around here that shows the position they should be in.)
...And bloody tracks, too.
...And a newspaper photo.
(This is bad! Mayor Tenma is scary enough without people thinking he's a yokai!)
I don't think we'll find anything else on this chair.
A clever trick, but it would've been impossible in this case. See this broken tanuki statue here? The door must've banged into it when it was opened.
Better take a look behind this door, too... Oh, look. The doorknob banged into the wall. Made a big dent, too. That wouldn't have happened if the killer had been hiding there.
And here we went through all the trouble of bringing a ladder to check it out.
What's the difference? They both have the word ladder in them.
You're way too competitive. And it's not even related to the original issue, either!
There's a cliff outside this window. Makes it pretty impossible to get out this way.
No, wait! Do you have a death wish or something?!
That loss just saved your life.
Maybe Alderman Kyubi was planning on smoothing things over with Mayor Tenma.
The mayor was only pursuing the municipal merger because he'd been blackmailed. Who knows? If this murder hadn't occurred, maybe they could've come up with a solution.
Two foxes standing back to back are depicted on this elegant folding screen. Could this have something to do with the keyhole? Hmm... Wait a minute... Two foxes... There are two fox statues in front of the Forbidden Chamber as well.
Well, it does have two foxes on it, and there are two fox statues in front of the door.
(She's as excited as a kid in a candy store.)
There's something about that folding screen. You know how those fox statues in front of the Forbidden Chamber move? That screen might be a clue as to how we're supposed to position them or something.
On closer inspection... ...I think there's more to this screen than meets the eye.
Tap and slide on the bottom screen to rotate the folding screen. I can also tap on something of interest to inspect it further.
Hey, doesn't it look like the picture here has been cut off on both ends?
It looks like there are supposed to be doors on both ends, but they're cut in half.
Yeah... It definitely feels like something significant, but the question is, what?
What's this? Looks like a keyhole or something.
No, it's just a picture.
What's this? Looks like a keyhole or something.
Wait, what about that key drawn on the end of the screen? You think the two are related?
It's a picture of a key. Hmm, that shape looks awfully familiar. Oh, I know! It's shaped like the Forbidden Chamber's key.
Okay, let's take an ever closer look.
It's a picture of a key. Hmm, that shape looks awfully familiar. Oh, I know! It's shaped like the Forbidden Chamber's key. Hmm... Wait! What about that keyhole drawn on the center of the screen? You think the two are related?
Hey, I think you're right!
Look, a door!
The two foxes are now facing each other, so... Hey, what if we made those fox statues face each other?!
Okay! Help me move the two statues so they face each other -- just like on the screen. Look! A lock appeared!
Okay, here goes nothing!
...It worked!
What secrets could it hold, I wonder...?
These doors need some serious oil.
Oh, right. Forgot about those super good ears of yours. Look, more feathers...
What the heck is that...? ...Is that a Tenma Taro... statue? But there's... something odd about it.
You okay, Athena? You look kinda pale. You're not scared, are you?
Really? ......Hey, look!
Over there on the left. There's a bunch of staffs on that rack. They kinda look like the staff we saw earlier...
Yeah. I bet our Tenma Taro impersonator really did come in here at some point.
So, the fox statues are part of the keyhole mechanism.
But what if it's a trap. Who knows? The ceiling might come crashing down.
Yeah, but what about me?!
I would've never guessed the screen was the clue to the keyhole mechanism. That alderman sure was an interesting guy.
What, are you planning to turn it into a Forbidden Chamber II or something?
Ha ha, very funny. But no, I'm not going to imprison myself.
Whoa, that's one big statue. Must be something like fifteen feet tall. And look! THIS Tenma Taro has a staff! But the Tenma Taro in the scroll didn't have one.
I feel like this could be significant, but why...? Let's take a closer look. First, to go around this table here...
Hey, it looks like there's some sort of compartment in the base of the statue.
It's just a big empty compartment. And from all the dust and cobwebs... ...I'd say it hasn't been opened in a really long time.
Wait, there IS something in here! Looks like some sort of figure. But it's so dusty, I can't tell what it's supposed to be. Wonder what it's doing here.
(Yeah, and he towers over me as it is.)
A fifteen-foot tall spider?!
Well, Prosecutor Blackquill may be scary, but a fifteen-foot spider is utterly terrifying!
Looks like an old scroll... and there's something drawn on it! Unless I'm mistaken, it looks like an old guy... Some sort of monk, maybe?
You know, people that take walks in the mountains as a form of spiritual training...
The guy in this picture doesn't look like he's doing it for fun, Athena.
Whoa! It's turning into Tenma Taro!
Well, whatever it is, it's definitely creepy.
The yellow thing the one guy had transformed into Tenma Taro!
I highly doubt yokai are things you can catch like a bear or wild boar.
You have a really active imagination. First off, they probably didn't have fridges back then... ...and second, we'd be swimming in yokai if they spawned that easily.
Oh, umm... That yellow thing could've been a bomb containing Tenma Taro. And the old guys were terrorists who used yokai to further their cause.
Black feathers... They looks exactly like the ones in the Fox Chamber.
Maybe... Maybe the Tenma Taro costume was hidden here. I mean... ...if someone carried it through the manor, it would've stuck out like a sore thumb.
Wow, this is one tough riddle, all right.
A stone lantern...
Lamps like these are lit by fire not electricity, so there is no switch.
Whaaat?!
...I see Tenma Taro's cell has been outfitted with all the amenities a yokai could want.
Oh, look. There's an air vent here, too.
Hmm... But I don't think anyone could reach this one, either.
Well, the Fox Chamber's vent didn't branch this way, so...
Hey, there's a bunch of staves here. And it looks like one's missing. The Tenma Taro Jinxie saw must've taken it.
Why do you think there are so many here?
(Maybe this will remind her to deal with her own faults. But I won't hold my breath.)
That must mean that the Tenma Taro Jinxie saw... ...took this staff from here. I wonder what all these staves are doing here in the first place.
Looks like a gravestone or something.
*gasp!* Say it ain't so! ...Besides, that sounds more like an autopsy report than an epitaph, if you ask me. Wait, you're joking around because you're scared! It's your coping mechanism!
(Denial is strong in this one.)
What's this? Whatever it is, the packaging is really gaudy. And the fact that there's no dust on it means it hasn't been here very long.
L'Belle?! (What the--?!) But then, wouldn't that mean Mr. L'Belle was here?
Well, whoever was dressed up like Tenma Taro... ...must have taken a staff from here in the Forbidden Chamber. And that same person probably dropped this hand cream at that time.
...Florent L'Belle! This might be a big break for us in court tomorrow.
Mr. L'Belle's private brand of hand cream. He must've been here in the Forbidden Chamber at some point.
We should probably talk to some of the witnesses again.
Yeah. I really want to ask Mr. Filch about the village superstitions and Tenma Taro.
Any good ideas yet, Athena?
Thing? What thing? ............
Huh? You mean you really have nothing for me?
(Oh, boy. Bluffing is obviously not her strength.)
Seems we finally have the real killer in our sights. The only person to threaten Mayor Tenma, push for the municipal merger...
Yeah! We'll be fine between the two of us! We'll send that yokai packing, along with that twisted samurai of a prosecutor!
You were shocked? I was the one questioning him!
Really? You would've come to my rescue?
I'd settle for convincing the judge with some solid evidence.
My client has turned into a demon. I don't know what he's thinking, and I have no idea what to do.
RIght... Okay, here goes.........
Aaaaaaugh!
It ain't easy being a demon, that's for sure.
Aagh! Youch! What's all this about a curse?
The same goes for my bracelet!
*sigh* I guess you can't teach an old raccoon dog new tricks. (As long as we have him here, I guess we should ask him about what happened.)
Thieving blood? What's that supposed to mean?
What exactly am I looking at? Looks like another one of those yokai to me.
Wow, you don't say!
(Wait a second. This figure looks familiar.) Yes! It looks just like that old, dusty figure we found in the Forbidden Chamber.
Oh, this? We found it in the Forbidden Chamber. Looks like it'd been there practically forever.
Treasure?
What do you know about the treasure in the Forbidden Chamber?
There's something amazing in there? (Didn't see anything like that, though.) Your grandfather didn't, by chance, already steal it, did he?
Oh, of course, because he was so righteous...
In court, you mentioned seeing Tenma Taro near the scene of the crime.
The people of Nine-Tails Vale sure seem like a superstitious bunch. I'm not surprised you wouldn't want to talk about seeing Tenma Taro.
So you plan on staying here in Nine-Tails Vale?
Wait, so you're saying you actually believe in those old wives' tales?
You're going to do "exactly what them superstitions say"? Well, I say that's baloney.


Yeah?
I don't think so. (Let's try that one again.) I heard every word of what you had to say... ...but I don't believe them for a second.
It's clearly written right here: "Ignoring the superstitions will cost you your soul. There is, however, one way to save it: your immediate departure from the village."
So according to this, you shouldn't even be here, let along talking with us. You said you plan on staying right here in Nine-Tails Vale. But if you really believe in the superstitions, you would've been long gone by now.
I know you've been lying to me! Time to come clean, Mr. Filch!
You were lying about believing in the superstitions, weren't you?
So, what was the real reason why you couldn't talk about seeing Tenma Taro?
So, it was Mr. L'Belle who muzzled you? Why would Mr. L'Belle want to scare you into silence?
That rumor again...
Ouch! Hey, watch it!
You could've just asked instead of stealing it...
No, this is the one you gave me. Remember? You said you had lots more.
(Don't tell me I'm now guilty of receiving stolen goods...)
So, your grandfather was a famous thief?
(It's hard to imagine Mr. Filch has such noble intentions. I bet he was planning on keeping my bracelet for himself.)
Yeah, I think that was it. Let's go see "Mr. Tenma Taro" one more time. (Just thinking about dealing with that yokai again makes me want to say, "Pass!")
Umm.........
That's a relief. Maybe we'll actually get somewhere this time.
We'd like to ask about the rumor that Jinxie is possessed.
She allegedly left the yokai evidence at the scene while under a demon's power. At least, that's what the prosecution is going to claim at tomorrow's trial.
Huh?
Aagh! Th-The charm!
Argh, I blew it! That question brought that yokai back. (And he probably won't drop the act until Jinxie's name is cleared either.)
We'd like to ask you about something your aide Florent L'Belle mentioned. Did you know Jinxie is rumored to be possessed?
You're not trying to protect Jinxie, are you?
Please! We already proved there was a third part disguised as a yokai at the scene. But if you deny that tomorrow, we'll never be able to clear Mayor Tenma's name.
It's all over unless we can somehow prove that Jinxie didn't plant that yokai evidence.
Really?
Knock yourself out, then! (Wow, Athena's really something. I can really count on her when it counts!)
Somnambulism? You mean sleepwalking?
So then, the Tenma Taro that was spotted at the manor wasn't Jinxie.
Look! Tenma Taro's spirit! It's left the mayor's body.
Can you think of any reason why?
That's crazy! Are you saying that yokai is real?
B-But... (How can people actually believe that?!)
Yeah, and I think we need to have another nice, long chat with Mr. L'Belle.
(How long is he planning to keep up this yokai charade?) Well, we've already talked to Mr. Filch and Mayor Tenma, so... Why don't we go see Florent L'Belle next? Now that we know the truth... ...he won't be able to claim that the Tenma Taro was Jinxie or the mayor anymore!
(What on Earth are they practicing?)
......... (Did Filch filch L'Belle's wallet just now...?)
(Your confession to being the Tenma Taro imposter would be nice right about now.)
Mr. Filch filled me in on a conversation you two had. And about how you told him not to say a word about seeing Tenma Taro.
So why did you want to keep Mr. Filch quiet like that, Mr. L'Belle?
But Jinxie was never really possessed. She was sleepwalking. Being asleep at the time, she couldn't have been consciously trying to protect the mayor. That also means she couldn't have possibly been Tenma Taro.
...Since you asked so politely... I believe you have a different reason for trying to keep Mr. Filch quiet. That reason would be to deflect doubt away from the one who was really Tenma Taro.
So, um, have you been called to testify tomorrow?
(Oh, I'll be waiting -- with a special piece of evidence I've been saving just for you.)
(Wait, this is our trump card. Better not show it off too soon.)
Oh, um... No, never mind.
Yeah, but we'll get the proof we need in court tomorrow, one way or another! (All that's left now is that lie Jinxie told. We'd better go clear that up before tomorrow.)
Maybe. Let's see if she's over on Yokai Lane shopping for more charms.
(...Maybe if I speak softly, I won't startle her and get a charm plastered on my forehead.) Pssst... Jinxie?
(Phew... Guess I can avoid a charm slap by toning down my Chords of Steel.)
Yeah, which one?
Really?! Two bitter rivals dancing together?
Oh, right. For the municipal merger issue.
We weren't fighting. It was just a spirited debate. It's what we lawyers-- Ack!
*sigh* Charm-slapped again.
Jinxie, it seems like you're starting to remember things. You already said the feathers and tracks weren't there when you discovered the crime. Have you remembered anything else that seems important?
Tell us what you saw that day. Maybe you'll remember something else this time.
(I knew it... She's holding something back.)


Arrragh!
(Guess that wasn't right.)
You were very nervous when you said, "That's all he said," weren't you? I know because I saw your fingers move as if you were going to slap someone with a charm.
Listen to me, Jinxie. This is very important. Did Mayor Tenma say anything else to you?
Talking in his sleep? So you admit that he DID say something else!
Could you be a little more specific?
He said whaaaaaaaaat?!
A nightmare? No, THIS is a nightmare...! (This is one statement I wish I'd never heard. What in the world are we going to do now?)
Return to the basics?
(Right... Just believe in my client, even if all I can see ahead is darkness and despair.)
Could he really have been dreaming, or simply delirious?
(I know, I know...) Well, let's see here... Our lack of a third part in the locked room is a major problem. Jinxie has testified that when she first opened the door... ...Alderman Kyubi and Mayor Tenma were the only people she saw in the Fox Chamber.
Considering the room was locked tight, that's the only logical explanation.
(What's going on here? L'Belle's extremely pale, but he's far from transparent. So just how did he hide himself at the scene of the crime?)
Right. We'll get him with a legal exorcism, Justice style!
Apollo Justice, defense team leader, is ready, Your Honor!
He probably realized how Blackquill played him. That was one mean game of Simon Says.
Yep, more of Blackquill's mind games.
(Well, this was not an unexpected turn of events...)
(Wait, did he actually believe the mayor's "award-winning" performance?)

The prosecution is engaging in mere conjecture!
(Witness testimony? I'll bet he means Filch and that creep L'Belle.)
Yeah, Blackquill doesn't strike me as the give-up-easy type.
What if the Tenma Taro impersonator was walking on their knees?
(That...... actually sounds like a real ghost to me.)

Mr. Filch, you and Mr. L'Belle mentioned something about a practice yesterday. Do you deny this so-called lesson was about what you were supposed to say in court?
Then could you tell the court exactly what sort of lesson it was?
(He's completely under Blackquill's control, too...)

I take it you got a good look at how tall the Tenma Taro impersonator was?
(He just admitted to being a pickpocket right here in court.)

Well... you're not going to brush it all off by claiming the perp was short!
(Look who's talking, Mr. I've-got-to-stand-on-a-box-just-to-testify!) Anyway, Mr. Filch, correct me if I'm wrong... ...but didn't you say the Tenma Taro you saw had a staff?
And where do you suppose that staff came from?

I suppose you mean to say that Jinxie Tenma entered the Forbidden Chamber to get one.
(Oh, really? The stench of L'Belle is thick in the air today.)
(Could Jinxie have even entered the Forbidden Chamber if she wanted to...?)


Wallop you? And why would the so-called yokai want to do that?
(She probably thinks of him as the dreaded tanuki monster of Kyubi Manor or something.)
All we have to do is prove that it was impossible for Jinxie to turn into Tenma Taro. And that might be easier than you think.
(Now's our chance. Our chance to expose the real Tenma Taro for all to see!)
It would seem that Tenma Taro was, in fact, not this innocent little girl.
You claim the Tenma Taro you saw had one of those staves from the Forbidden Chamber. But it would've been impossible for Ms. Tenma to get a hold of one!
The mayor swallowed this key shortly after the murder. He wanted to keep the killer out of the Forbidden Chamber.
This key was deep in the mayor's stomach when Ms. Tenma discovered the crime scene. So you see, it would've been impossible for her to get into the Forbidden Chamber. In short, the Tenma Taro seen holding that staff... ...could not have been Jinxie Tenma!
Our Tenma Taro impersonator is none other than Mayor Tenma's aide--
Yes, in fact, I can.


Oh, uh... good question.
(I know we have evidence that can prove who was in the Forbidden Chamber.) The killer was the only one who could've entered the Forbidden Chamber. The question before us is simply the "who" part of this equation.
We found this hand cream in the Forbidden Chamber. And we know that whoever was Tenma Taro took one of the staves out of there. In short... ....I believe whoever this hand cream belongs to is the yokai impersonator we're looking for.
I'm glad you asked, Your Honor. The defense requests a fingerprint analysis on this piece of evidence! It might tell us who it belongs to!
(.........Could anyone be more whipped?)
They're Florent L'Belle's prints, aren't they?!
Um... Prosecutor Blackquill? (I'm not going to like this, am I...?)

...Wait, what? Whaaaaaaaaat!
S-So you're the one who entered the Forbidden Chamber?!
Excellent question... Um, the fact that Mr. Filch was in the Forbidden Chamber... Wait a second... Does this mean the Tenma Taro holding that staff was... Phineas Filch?
I don't understand. Does this mean... Mr. Filch is the real killer?
Oh, you mean that event at the Nine-Tails Vale festival. So, that was you inside the Tenma Taro costume.
(So, he didn't actually watch the entire wrestling match.)
Why did you want to enter the Forbidden Chamber in the first place?
Treasure?
(He went in there not knowing his grandfather had already pilfered it?)
Wait, how exactly did you get into the Forbidden Chamber? There was a meeting in the Fox Chamber that day. Plus, the mayor swallowed the only key that could open the Forbidden Chamber's door. You couldn't have possibly gotten in!
You what?!
Tell me, Mr. Filch, what did you do after fleeing to the foyer?
And where is that costume now?
(What if it was tossed outside the manor? ...Ah!) No way! But maybe, just maybe...!
Okay, here's what I think... Mr. Filch! Did you get rid of the costume here?


Ack. (If the costume wasn't in the manor, then maybe it was thrown out somewhere.)
Did you toss it out the window? Because that would certainly explain why it didn't turn up inside the manor!
(I can think of a few reasons...)
Well, assuming the costume really was tossed out from the window... ...then the next question would be, what happened to it after that? (And if I'm right, I might have just the thing to prove what happened to the costume.) Phineas Filch......... I have just the evidence for you!
This evidence proves you got rid of your Tenma Taro costume through the window!


It doesn't, does it?
Ack. (Back to the drawing board. What would happen if the costume was tossed out the window? I must have some sort of evidence that can show what would happen!)
It's quite simple. That's not Tenma Taro in the photo. It's the costume Mr. Filch threw out.
There's a steep cliff right outside the foyer window, meaning the manor is pretty high up. The costume flew through the air after it was tossed out. That's when the photo was taken. In other words, the photo of Tenma Taro really was a flight of fancy!
This more than proves the defense's position. Jinxie Tenma had nothing to do with staging the yokai sighting.
(We... We did it!)
Huh?!
Uh... Probably the same way he got in -- through the chamber's air vent!

But the Forbidden Chamber doesn't open from the inside! So what you're saying makes no sense! ............Right?

Sprung right open? Who was on the other side?
But wait... We still don't know who opened it. Maybe there really was a third person in the Fox Chamber.
Uh-oh. I don't like where this is going.
Arrrgh!
No, Athena. We're definitely on to something here.
Think about it. If Filch was stuck inside the Forbidden Chamber... ...one of the alibis we heard would no longer hold any water! The defense would like to call a new witness to the stand! Someone who knew Mr. Filch was stuck in the Forbidden Chamber! And by virtue of knowing this, has an alibi that no longer adds up!


It's this person right here!
Err... You know how your hand vanishes when you stick it into a dark room? Kinda like that.
Oh, uh... just kidding, heh heh.
(We know Filch was in the Forbidden Chamber at the time of the murder. Which means...) Your Honor! There IS someone whose alibi no longer adds up!
True, but in his alibi, he also claimed Mr. Filch was in the foyer, too. However, as we all know now, Mr. Filch was NOT there with Mr. L'Belle at that time. In short, Mr. L'Belle's alibi has disappeared!
Florent L'Belle's alibi was one big lie! Isn't that right, Mr. Filch!
I also assert that the person who opened the Forbidden Chamber for Mr. Filch... ...was none other than Florent L'Belle! After all, his alibi has just been proven to be a complete fabrication!
(Yes! We're finally going to drag that slippery snake onto the stand!)
...Yeah.
I can't help but feel I'm missing something important. Plus, Prosecutor Blackquill's bound to mount a counterattack.
I know. But that's not what's bugging me. I wish I could put my finger on it, though...
(Ouch, like the poor mayor hasn't suffered enough...)

I don't think so, Mr. L'Belle! Do you realize what a serious crime you've committed?!
You think this is funny?! Without your alibi, you're a suspect, too! What were you really doing at the time of the crime?!
Swords? What swords?
Again...?
So much for sturdier shackles. Aagh!
(This gives "keeping your head on in court" a whole new meaning!)
(Whatever he has to say can't be good.)
What?
B-B-But...
Startling sounds bad...
Argh. Why did the mayor's confession have to be brought up by THIS guy...
Arrrgh! (He's laying it on real thick now.)

You claim that the mayor confessed to his daughter. Are you sure about that?
It's not?
I'm not following.
Uh... right...

How did Ms. Tenma appear to you?
Yeah, because he's the only real monster we've seen so far -- in looks and in character.
Checked your face? Why?
I know the feeling, but hang in there. At least keep faith in our client.

He opened the Forbidden Chamber? But why would he do that?

The courtroom is no place for fairytales! Remember, you ARE under oath!
You were going to tell us the real reason why the mayor opened the Forbidden Chamber!
Never mind. (This is a waste of time. He's just going to tell more lies.)

What was Mr. Filch like at the time?
He must've been blinded by the sudden light flooding in.
What?
.........

So, after you fled into the hallway with the phone at the end... ...Tenma Taro ran off toward the foyer?
Well, Jinxie also saw Tenma Taro, right?
Well, if L'Belle had fled down the hall where that phone is... ...Jinxie would've seen him when she was returning from making her call.
Right. It just doesn't make any sense. (Time to review the evidence.)

This is bad, very bad.
(It's all over if we can't find a flaw in the prosecution's case!)
Florent L'Belle, you're lying about having witnessed those events from the hallway!
If Mr. L'Belle had really fled down into the hall with the phone in it... ...he would've crossed paths with Ms. Tenma.
After she discovered the crime scene, she immediately went to call the police. Then, after making her call, she went back to the main hallway... ...whereupon she encountered the demon, yokai, or whatever you want to call it. As for me, I call it Phineas Filch in a Tenma Taro costume! The encounter happened right there, where the hallways meet. As for Mr. L'Belle, if he had fled here, feigning escape from the yokai imposter...
Right. Except Ms. Tenma told us that "there was no one else in the hall." In short, Ms. Tenma did not see you in the hall because you were never really there!
(Hah! Not such a FABULOUS scent now, is it!)
Inside the Fox Chamber, where else?
It is, Your Honor. And that means he's not really a witness. Rather, he's the third party I've been alleging this whole time!
(Whoa, what just happened? Blackquill's really tearing into him!)
Seriously? You admit to being there in the Fox Chamber?
You'd better explain yourself, Mr. L'Belle!
......... (This guy's as slippery as an eel.)
Well, he WAS in the Fox Chamber, so at least that much must be true.

Why in the world would you enter that grisly crime scene?
It what?
(This man clearly has his priorities in order...)

Why didn't you enter right away?
Your shoes?

Wait a second! Why did you hide yourself?
I do?
(I'm sensing a black hole of egocentricity forming around the witness stand.)

Could you describe the crime scene in a bit more detail?
Well, what I'd like to ask you about is...
What do you remember about the yokai feathers and tracks?
Did you immediately know it was Mr. Filch?
And how did those practice sessions go?
(Is it important?)
Yes, I believe it is, Your Honor. I request that it be added to the testimony!
(It's probably not particularly important.) No, Your Honor. The witness may proceed.
What do you remember about the yokai feathers and tracks?
Did you immediately know it was Mr. Filch?
And how did those practice sessions go?
(I've already had him add this statement to his testimony... ...but is there really anything there? Maybe I should try reviewing the evidence.)
Could you please describe the Forbidden Chamber at the time?
(He's really trying to stress that it was the mayor who opened the Forbidden Chamber.)
(Whoa. If looks could kill, L'Belle would be toast!)
(Is it important?)
I have a feeling it is. Let's add it to the testimony, just in case.
(It's probably not particularly important.) No, Your Honor. The witness may proceed.
Could you please describe the Forbidden Chamber at the time?
(He's really trying to stress that it was the mayor who opened the Forbidden Chamber.)
(Whoa. If looks could kill, L'Belle would be toast! I've already had him add this statement to his testimony... ...but is there really anything there? Maybe I should try reviewing the evidence.)
Could you describe the state of the weapons that had been used at the scene?
(Oh, right, the statue... But why would he find it inspiring?) Why exactly did you find the statue inspiring?
(A broken statue next to a bloody corpse... Real inspiring...)
(Is it important?)
(It's probably not particularly important.) No, Your Honor. The witness may proceed.
I believe that to be extremely importantly [sic]! I request that it be added to the testimony!
Could you describe the state of the weapons that had been used at the scene?
(Oh, right, the statue... But why would he find it inspiring?) Why exactly did you find the statue inspiring?
(A broken statue next to a bloody corpse... Real inspiring... I've already had him add this statement to his testimony... ...but is there really anything there? Maybe I should try reviewing the evidence.)

They were left there by Mr. Filch, weren't they.
(Okay, so he's not even reality TV-grade handsome. Can we move on now?)
I don't think there's anything particularly unusual there, so let's keep going.

You're lying about the mayor opening the Forbidden Chamber, aren't you?!
Wait, so you admit it?
(The nerve of this guy! His testimony is riddled with lies! Looks like I won't be getting anything useful out of this statement.)

A token of goodwill... Are you referring to the fox and demon statue?
(And that's when that symbol of goodwill was transformed into a symbol of conflict.)


The mayor had been knocked out by a blow to the head. Could he really have opened the Forbidden Chamber in that state?
(I think the mayor needed medical attention more than a cheerleader.)
Well, I believe he was there... The question is, when did he enter?
Right. If he was there before the murder, that would make him a suspect.
Well... I guess we ask him about what happened there. Anyway, let's press him and see what kind of info we can extract from him.
Your lies have finally betrayed you, Mr. L'Belle!
You said this statue was "like a celebration of union between town and village." Isn't that correct?!
............
So, how did you really know that this statue was meant to be a symbol of goodwill again?
This statue WAS meant to symbolize goodwill in its original form, but that was a secret.
What I mean is that it broke when someone used it to strike Mayor Tenma on the head. What's left clearly makes it look like the two yokai are battling it out!
The statue's secret and its true form were lost inside that locked room. For Ms. Tenma is the only living soul who should know what it once looked like. So, Mr. L'Belle, where could you have possibly seen the statue in its original form?
The only possible answer is this! You saw the statue in its original form... ...right there in the room where the alderman was murdered before it was broken!
...Yes. Yes I am. Florent L'Belle! I accuse you of the murder of Alderman Rex Kyubi!
We've got you now! We know you killed the alderman. Now, admit it!

What are you talking about?! His alibi has already crumbled to dust! And I just proved that he was in the Fox Chamber while it was still locked tight!
Dangit.
Urrrrghhnnn...
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh! (I just don't get it. How could Jinxie not have seen L'Belle?)

B-B-But...
M-Mayor Tenma?
C-Counselor? Oh, right, he must mean me. (Has he finally remembered what happened before that blow to his head?)
(Since when am I responsible for court security?!)
Y-Your Honor! Seeing as our client has something new to say... ...I believe due process demands that we hear him out, even if he is a yokai!
............
And the part about Tenma Taro and the Nine-Tailed Fox being there?
.........Aaaaah! I call animal abuse, Your Honor!
Really? Oh, you mean...?
Okay, I just hope our findings don't come back to haunt us... again.

What's with those Tenmas and their yokai vision?
(I don't think a shared nightmare really qualifies as sweet.) Anyway, all I need to do is point out an unnatural reaction like last time?
When the Nine-Tailed Fox appeared, you not only experienced shock and sadness... ...but also, something like joy as well.
A creaking door? Oh, you must be talking about the Forbidden Chamber door. It does make a lot of noise.
I think I know! He mentioned darkness and Tenma Taro towering overhead. Maybe the mayor wasn't really in the Fox Chamber at the time of the crime! Mr. Mayor! Did the darkness that you were in happen to be here?


Mayor Tenma, the darkness you were in was... right here!
That's just because your memory is still hazy!
Huh?
All right, let's think that one over again.
Yes, but it all makes sense if you were in the Forbidden Chamber! That terrible creaking sound was probably the Forbidden Chamber's door opening. And the towering Tenma Taro you saw? Most likely the Forbidden Chamber's statue!
Umm... Maybe he was seeing things, just like Jinxie and her imaginary yokai.
Wh-Wh-Whaaaaaat! Th-The Amazing Nine-Tails?
............ (I'm sorry I asked.)
Yeah. Why would he open the Forbidden Chamber? Wasn't he trying to keep it sealed?

Good question. Could he have been trying to free the mayor from the Forbidden Chamber?
Hmm... Well, at least now we know why the room suddenly lit up.
When The Amazing Nine-Tails opened the chamber, banishing the darkness within... ...you felt joy, but didn't you also feel shock and sadness?
(A cape... of red?)
Mayor Tenma, why were you sad when you saw the red cape?
(What could this mean?)
Yeah, it's one of those contradictions that slaps you right across the face.
Oh, so it's basically the same as the usual cross-examination process. (Okay, time to review the evidence. Look out contradiction, here comes Justice!)


Mayor Tenma, your recollection contradicts this piece of evidence!
(Oops, looks like I got that one wrong.)
It still seems like his memory is really confused.
So, this contradiction is somehow caused by an emotion?
You said The Amazing Nine-Tails's cape was red. Are you sure about that?
Mayor Tenma! Does this cape look red to you?!
So, you mistook that red something for his cape, huh?
Well, he would've seen the Fox Chamber behind The Amazing Nine-Tails. What red object could he have seen there that would've been that shocking? Hmm... I know! Could it have been...! Mr. Mayor, was the red thing you saw this?


Whoa! Sorry!
S-Sorry! Sorry! (Youch! That was a human/demon double punch!)
Something red that could produce a deep sadness... Could it be, Mr. Tenma, that what you saw... was the alderman's blood?!
Does this mean The Amazing Nine-Tails killed Alderman Kyubi?
Hey! I asked you first!
True, but at the time of the crime, out client was in the Forbidden Chamber. Moreover--
Ack. (You just had to bring that up, didn't you...?)
Yes, o-of course, I can explain it! (Because if I don't, we're in serious trouble!)
Explaining something like that would be completely--
I am?!
(I don't hear YOU helping!)
Eep! (What about a good old-fashion penalty?)
First of all, Mr. L'Belle was defintely in the Fox Chamber while it was locked. We also know that Mayor Tenma was in the Forbidden Chamber based on his testimony. These two facts are crucial to my explanation. So, let us consider the following question. If the facts point to Florent L'Belle and the victim being there at the scene... ...why did Jinxie Tenma see her father Mayor Tenma and the victim?
......... (Sadly, you would be supposing wrong...)
Well, if she did, then the question is, why did she do that?
Ms. Tenma was in a state of confusion at the time. That's how she mistook Mr. L'Belle for Mayor Tenma there in the Fox Chamber. After all, they both look kind of like yokai.
Um, can I have a do-over on that one?!
She only thought she was in the Fox Chamber because she got the rooms mixed up!
Oh, right. Eh heh heh...
(Let's try that one again.)
The figure Ms. Tenma saw was not her father. It was Florent L'Belle disguised as Damian Tenma.
M-Maybe the disguise completely hid his face?
Oh, right...
Aha ha ha... I think I'll pass--ack! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!
I'm... I'm... not fine, am I?
Uhh... (What's even left for me to do?)
Turn the case upside down? Hmm... He does say that, doesn't he? But I don't quite see how it applies here. (Still, never hurts to give it a try, I guess. Let's see... Rather than "Jinxie didn't remove the disguise," maybe "she couldn't remove it." And rather than "she didn't tell anyone about the disguise"... maybe it was "she couldn't talk about it.")
(And what about the fact that it was The Amazing Nine-Tails who opened the door? A mask that can't be removed in front of others? Can these facts turn things around?) Ah! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! (We... We got it all backwards!)
I think... I think we might've made a huge mistake.

I DO have proof!
We can solve the remaining riddlers by turning all of our assumptions upside down. Why Jinxie Tenma mistook Mr. L'Belle for her father... ...why she couldn't remove the costume, or tell anyone about it in the first place... These riddles are inextricably linked to Mayor Tenma's secret identity! A shocking secret identity that will turn the entire premise of this case upside down! This piece of evidence clearly reveals Mayor Tenma's secret identity!


Isn't it obvious?
So, I guess we're all in the same boat, then.
(Okay, time to find something that doesn't stink of desperation.)
We thought the alderman was The Amazing Nine-Tails and the mayor was Tenma Taro. That's why we believed the mayor killed the alderman in his lust for Nine-Tails Vale. And it was the basis for the prosecution's entire case against our client. However... We got the whole thing backwards. Mayor Tenma wasn't Tenma Taro at all. He was The Amazing Nine-Tails!
Jinxie, no doubt, knew the true identity of The Amazing Nine-Tails. But she couldn't tell anyone no matter what. That's she she didn't say it was The Amazing Nine-Tails she saw passed out! Even though, unbeknownst to her, it was really Florent L'Belle in disguise!

Remember, Mr. L'Belle has his very own brand of cosmetics. Why couldn't he fake a different build, too? And anyone speaking through a mask would naturally sound different.

A masked wrestler's disguise is more precious that life itself. As a huge fan of The Amazing Nine-Tails, she would never dare unmask him!
This case of mistaken identity also explains the riddle of the locked room.
First, Mr. L'Belle entered the room where the mayor and the alderman were talking. I suspect he brought with him coffee laced with some sort of sedative. Once the alderman was out cold... ...that's when Mr. L'Belle killed him! Next, he took the mayor, who he had also drugged, into the Forbidden Chamber. Then he returned to the Fox Chamber, slipped into some of the mayor's spare clothes... ...and completed the disguise by donning The Amazing Nine-Tails's mask! With his entire charade in place,
Yep, that was Florent L'Belle in disguise. The mayor never actually confessed.

No, you twisted samurai! This time, you stop your jabbering and let me finish making my case!
Once Ms. Tenma left the scene... ...Mr. L'Belle, still wearing the mayor's clothes and mask, opened the Forbidden Chamber... ...so he could drag the mayor back out into the Fox Chamber!
Right, it was L'Belle opening the Forbidden Chamber. The second time Mr. L'Belle opened the door to the Forbidden Chamber... ...he happened to catch the thieving Mr. Filch by surprise. Startled, Mr. Filch in his Tenma Taro disguise ran as fast as he could away from the room. As he did, he left behind him a trail of feathers and tracks... ...and gave Ms. Tenma the scare of her life in the hallway. With no one left to witness the events that had occurred... ...Mr. L'Belle then proceeded to drag
Then, after dragging the mayor back into the Fox Chamber... ...Mr. L'Belle threw the mask out the window and fled the room!

The mayor was blackmailed into pursuing the merger! Ms. Tenma's life would've been in danger if he had openly voiced his opposition! That's why he created a secret identity as The Amazing Nine-Tails!
No one except a killer as insane as his plot, and I'd say Florent L'Belle more than qualifies.
M-Mayor Tenma! It's okay now! Jinxie will be safe just as soon as Mr. L'Belle is arrested! You ARE The Amazing Nine-Tails, aren't you?!
.........!

What do you mean?!
But that's just--
What?
(The truth behind Tenma Taro? What's he talking about?)

Wait! Will somebody please explain what's going on here?!
And if the mayor admits to being The Amazing Nine-Tails, you'll expose the truth?
(I'll show YOU who's useless!)
I-I know, I know. Your Honor! I believe Mr. L'Belle's statements warrant a thorough cross-examination! After all, the true identity of The Amazing Nine-Tails is the cornerstone of this case!
Talk about out of the pot and into the fire... At this rate, the mayor will be found guilty for sure...
There's... gotta be a hole in that testimony somewhere... But I don't even know where to start.
But if he admits it, L'Belle's going to expose the secret behind Tenma Taro. (Argh! We are so close! I know it!)

This whole case only makes sense if the mayor is The Amazing Nine-Tails. I know you used his mask to create this illusion of a locked room murder!

Mr. L'Belle knows what this statue originally looked like. That means he had to be in the Fox Chamber while it was still locked tight!
Wait in line, 'cause I'm going first!

The only nonsense here in this court is you and your assertions!
Excuse me?
Ack!

You'd be arrested, wouldn't you?

And just how did you learn of this so-called truth behind Tenma Taro?
Why would he share a secret like that with you, Mr. L'Belle?
...Don't tell me THAT'S how he learned how to open the Forbidden Chamber.

Do not gaze upon Tenma Taro. Do not tell others if you see him. Isn't that what the village superstitions say?
And ruin coming to the village if you free him? Is that a warning not to expose the truth?
(Tenma Taro is.. a great fortune? Come to think of it...)
Could Tenma Taro actually be...
Mayor Tenma just has to be Tenma Taro... right?
...Sorry.
(Telling the villagers that Tenma Taro is a terrifying yokai... ...is what has scared them away from the Forbidden Chamber and the treasure within. That's how the treasure has been kept secret all this time!)
(Mayor Tenma looks like he wants to keep the truth hidden as much as I do...)
......... (As long as Tenma Taro exists, huh...) Mr. L'Belle, please add that statement to your testimony!

Do not gaze upon Tenma Taro. Do not tell others if you see him. Isn't that what the village superstitions say?
(Telling the villagers that Tenma Taro is a terrifying yokai... ...is what has scared them away from the Forbidden Chamber and the treasure within. That's how the treasure has been kept secret all this time!)

So, in other words, tragedy wouldn't occur at all if there were no Tenma Taro?
(Hmm... As long as Tenma Taro exists, huh...)

Well, we have to find a way to make him say it, or our entire case unravels. There must be a hole in L'Belle's testimony somewhere.
Mr. L'Belle, what if Tenma Taro no longer existed? Revealing the truth would no longer be an issue, would it?
Oh, apparently you haven't heard. Tenma Taro no longer exists. But I guess you didn't get to do a thorough search after the key was taken from you... ...because when we searched the Forbidden Chamber, there wasn't any treasure there!
Sorry, but I have proof that Tenma Taro no longer exists. Take a look at this figure.
We found this in the Forbidden Chamber. It's an Azuki Kozo figure. The great thief Azuki Kozo used to leave them at the scene of his crimes.
Yep. Phineas Filch's grandfather, a master thief, was the culprit.
The greed inspired by Tenma Taro can no longer bring ruin upon Nine-Tails Vale. Isn't that right, Mayor Tenma?
The gold ingot? You mean the treasure that is Tenma Taro's true form...?
So, Tenma Taro and the village superstitions were merely fairytales to scare people away.
Mr. Mayor. Now that we know Tenma Taro no longer exists... ...are you ready to admit YOUR secret? You ARE The Amazing Nine-Tails, aren't you?!
And that means...! Jinxie!
The man wearing the mayor's clothes who you saw collapsed in the Fox Chamber... Was he wearing The Amazing Nine-Tails's mask?
(Yeesh, Rube Goldberg machines have less elaborate setups than L'Belle's scheme...)
The true facts behind this case have finally come to light! Mayor Tenma did not kill Alderman Kyubi! But Florent L'Belle DID!
...! (What's this guy want now?!)
B-B-But!
(Oh, crud... Do I have anything conclusive?)
Evidence? Oh, I have evidence!
Of course! It's just the conclusive evidence we need, too! (I'm going to finally prove Mayor Tenma innocent! Here comes Justice!)
(Ugh. I can't think of anything. But there has to be some kind of evidence I can present.)
I'm... I'm... I'm......... ...I'M FINE, I'M FINE, I'M FINE, I'M FINE! (She's right. I can't give up now. This whole trial would've been for nothing! I know there has to be some conclusive evidence somewhere!)
Let's review the facts. The most damning evidence against the mayor was the crime scene itself. The mayor and the victim were the only two people found in the room. Also, we all though [sic] the alderman was killed because he was The Amazing Nine-Tails. But as we know now, of course, we were way off. The Amazing Nine-Tails is really Mayor Damian Tenma! That's why when his daughter Jinxie saw The Amazing Nine-Tails collapsed at the scene... ...she mistook him for her father. Those are the facts
No, that's not it. The hand cream had Phineas Filch's prints on it... ...because Filch had stolen it from L'Belle. That's not going to help us nab the real killer, though. Maybe I should study the evidence again.
Oh, I know. The Amazing Nine-Tails's mask! It was found washed up along the river. What sort of clue does that mask hold?
The patch of golden animal fur... It was found caught in the window at the crime scene. Oh, but that's evidence from inside the Fox Chamber. I should be thinking about evidence that was found outside of the crime scene right now.
And what about the hair left in the mask? Who does it belong to?
The hair in the mask belonged to the alderman. So, the true identity of The Amazing Nine-Tails is... the alderman? No, of course it isn't! What am I thinking?! Someone had been wearing that mask at the crime scene. That's what I should focus on! Let's think about that again.
Oh, right! That hair is Florent L'Belle's! Yes! Now that's what I call conclusive evidence!
Of course, I do! Observe this mask, if you will.
It's not the mask itself, but the white hair inside it. We originally thought it belonged to Alderman Rex Kyubi.
That is correct. So, the question is, whose hair could this be? And the answer to that is the last person to have worn it before it was discarded. That would be you, Mr. Florent L'Belle!

No, Prosecutor Blackquill, it's you who has made a fatal error.
Remember where this mask was found? Washed up by the side of the river? With that in mind... This last piece of evidence will solve all of the remaining riddles!


That's right. It solves all of the riddles that have been plaguing this case!
Oops. (What a place to slip up...!)
I-I know! But in my case, I've got a case of the end-of-case jitters! Sorry, Your Honor. I was way off on that one.
(I'm gonna nail it next time. You'll see.)
This is Mr. L'Belle's own private brand of hair color. It washes out with just water. The court will also recall that The Amazing Nine-Tails's mask... ...washed up along the side of the village river with white hair inside it.
That's exactly what I'm saying. Mr. L'Belle's hair color is a freaky work of fiction. But thanks to the river flowing through Nine-Tails Vale, we now have a real life expos.
The white hair in this mask is conclusive evidence proving you're the real killer! A DNA test is all we need to prove it, and we both know we'll get a match! Admit it! Florent L'Belle, you were the one who killed Alderman Rex Kyubi!
Ha ha ha. (Wait, that was a compliment, right?)
(Um, wouldn't that just wash even MORE of his makeup off?)
(Too bad for him, someone else had gotten to it first anyway.)
Heh heh. Just got lucky, I guess.
Huh? But why?
Oh, I get it! If The Amazing Nine-Tails was just killed, he'd die a hero. But if he was proved a villain... ...his fans would abandon him, making the merger that much easier.
Um, why are you acting like Tenma Taro again?
(How could it not concern me?!)
(Wait, is Jinxie actually... smiling?!)
A big crowd gathered outside the courthouse once the news broke. Seems they want to get a glimpse of Mayor Damian Tenma, the man behind the mask. And to root for your return to the wrestling ring!
Here, I think you'll be needing this.


Because if you wear it, your fans will come flocking to see you in action!
Huh? ...Oh, right! (Could I have been any less cool?!)
Oh, right, The Amazing Nine-Tails's mask. Here you go, sir!
Hm?
Me, too.
And it's all because we believed in our client, just like you said.
Sounds good. I've been so nervous I haven't eaten since yesterday.
Huh? I'm definitely past my growth phase, and you should be about past yours, too!
Keep eating like that and the only direction you'll grow is sideways.
Really? Wow, I can't wait to see this.
I'm with Mr. Wright! Let's go!
(Athena has no idea what she's getting into. Mr. Eldoon's noodles are so hot and salty... ...two bowls would kill a man.)

That statement clearly contradicts the evidence!
Ack!
(It seems that statement didn't particularly conflict with the evidence.)

Consider the evidence. There's obviously something wrong with that statement!
What's that supposed to mean?!
(Oh, no. Looks like Blackquill is turning the judge against me.)

The evidence is at complete odds with the witness's testimony!
(Erk... I better look before I leap next time!)
(Too bad I'm drawing a blank.)
.........And which statement would that be? Since I'm the one betting my life on it.
(Time to swallow my pride and let her lend a hand. There must be an inconsistency in the testimony Athena's pointing out!)
So there haven't been any contradictions in the testimony so far... That can mean only one thing...
Right. We'll have to work to get the testimony we need. Let's press the heck out of any statements that stick out.

The unexpected emotion is right... here.
Yeah, can't you see it? Maybe if you look really hard? Just keep staring, and maybe--
So, I'm way off?
Okay, okay. Let me try that again.
