Lucky for you, the person we're supposed to meet also seems to be running late.
Looks like the mock trial's about to begin. What are we going to do about our meeting?
It's been a whirlwind of a morning. Let's leave it at that.
Anyway... we're supposed to go wait in the waiting room, right? Not that I wouldn't mind taking in the mock trial you're putting on today.
Oh, that's too bad. I was hoping to learn something new today.
What? Really?
*huff*... *huff*... Listen! Something big's happened! I was at the mock trial when the police announced a body had been found on campus!
WH-WHAAAT?! Can you show me?! ...What the--?!
No, I know it's a homicide! I'm shocked because it's the same! Exactly the same!
It's the same! The body, that is! It's just like it was in the mock trial!
I know! It sounds crazy, b-but... The body's location and position, the murder weapon, the lack of pooling blood... It's all exactly like the mock trial!
A murder on campus... That's the last thing I expected at a legal academy.
*sigh* I can't believe this is happening.
Juniper was it? You mind if we ask you a few questions?
What sort of teacher was Prof. Courte?
Wow, you guys think of everything. Must be hard getting all that ready.
Um, I think I found a rival to my Chords of Steel.
And I'm Apollo Justice. Nice to meet you.
Huh, so you're a fan of the night sky then?
I-It's not like that! I have this friend -- he and I go way back -- who got me really interested in space.
I guess that's what happens when there's a real murder during a fake murder trial.
But I bet the defense wasn't doing too badly either, right?
Something wrong, Athena?
Oh... All right, then...
I bet you used to get all excited when a guy handed you a love letter... ...and then got really bummed out when he's say, "Could you give this to Juniper for me?"
Hey, isn't that--!
Please, Detective Fulbright. We're involved in this case, too.
I'll help you, too, Juniper. There's no way you murdered your professor.
Take a deep breath and relax, Athena. I'm here to help with whatever you need, so let's get right on the case!
Now that those two are gone, let's get back to what I was talking about in front of the stage. ...About the mock trial, that is.
Exactly. But without the script or any props, it's kind of hard to explain.
P-Prosecutor Gavin! What are you doing here?
You just met him like three seconds ago and you want his autograph?
.........She's the newest member of Wright Anything Agency, that's all.
So, what are you doing here, Prosecutor Gavin?
Even though you guys disbanded? ...Which was a shame, by the way. Really.
Athena? Are you tearing up? Though I can't blame you... Prosecutor Gavin owes a lot of who he is to Prof. Courte.
I never gave it that much thought, actually. I always just whip it out.
Huh? I don't follow. Let's rock what?
Um, no, the defense is not ready to rock.
Aw, can't we take it easy today?
Great... A judge that voices her own objections AND abuses her judicial powers.
Mr. Newman was surprised by what Prof. Courte was wearing. He reacted with, "Oh, the green sweat suit."

Hey, wait a sec! The body was discovered in the same area as the mock case, although there was a stage. Plus, the murder weapon, an arrow, and the lack of blood are also the same!
You don't have to ham it up like that, Athena.
Right... Um, let's see... Oh yeah, then Hugh said... "A frail coed used her bare hands to stab her professor with an arrow? I don't think so. At the time of the murder, a male student was seen... ...holding a bow in the Archery Club room, which has a clear view of the quad. He shot the arrow into the victim before my client even got there!"
Me?! But I was just trying to get into it like Mr. Euro Rocker said.
When Robin was prosecutor, he had a tough time determining the real murder weapon.

"A body dropped from three stories up would show signs of massive blunt force trauma!"
Yikes... It's almost scary how similar this whole case is to he mock trial proceedings.
Nope. It seemed like the teacher who was playing the judge was satisfied, too.
You're in such a helpful mood today, Prosecutor Gavin...
Yeah, he's not so bad as prosecutors go. We should get back to investigating, too. We don't have nearly enough information yet.
Right. Looks like we have our work cut out for us!
The most prominent feature of this case is how closely it resembles the script. That makes it a tough one because we have to have a firm understanding of them both.
Good. I bet the script and the mock trial are going to be the centerpiece of the real trial. Make sure you know them inside and out.
Mr. Justice? Careful, I could get used to that.
Oh, uh... Start by interviewing people about the basic facts.
Whoa, hold on, Athena! The trial's tomorrow, so try to limit it to people with some relation to the case.
Right... You might also want to take it down a notch, otherwise you'll be dead by tomorrow.
Oh, nice. Your attorney's badge! That's the first thing you want to present when you meet someone new. I heard that's what all lawyers do.
Who else, Mr. Wright. Just remember, your badge comes first! See, Athena! Check it out! This is my attorney's badge!
A torrid love triangle? Juniper sure is popular with the guys.
.........
Argh! N-No, no! The thought never crossed my mind!
The mock trial was quite the heated battle.
How could you know that? The game's totally random.
Huh? What're you talking about?
Yes! Nice one, Athena. Keep it up! I don't care if it's totally unrelated to the case or just plain annoying or even embarrassing. Just keep presenting evidence without any regard for others! That's the first step towards becoming a successful trial lawyer!
You should see what she did to the last cop who said something like that her.
Yikes! N-N-No, it's not a threat! It's more like a friendly warning!
Yeah, Detective Fulbright just took her in.
No kidding?! So you guys were rivals or something?
It's true. Juniper is counting on us to prove her innocence.
But the question is, how is it related to the case at hand?
Did you find anything? You said you were going to do some investigating of your own.
You don't really think Juniper could have done something like this, do you?
But what about the mock trial? It sounded like you were about to lose to Robin.
Hugh, would you mind telling us a little more about that?
Wow, your own personal dressing rooms? That's total VIP treatment.
Wait, hold it right there. You went through with the mock trial even though you had just discovered a body? Why didn't you tell anyone? I mean, we're talking about someone getting killed here!
Thanks for sharing that important piece of information with us. It may prove useful at tomorrow's trial.
Okay, Athena, what next?
Right. And then he claimed that the body was transported to the stage in a ball cart. And then... Hm? There's someone else here...
I don't mean to be rude, but can't you talk without shouting?
It must've been terrible seeing them all smashed up like that
Yeesh, and you call ME loud when I practive my Chords of Steel...
Wow, you guys swore to do that?
A tough legal academy, with even tougher rules...
I thought the area was cordoned off. Hey, the police are discussing something over there.
Ah! Athena, watch where you're--!
Wh-What now?
Don't let it be a SNAAAAAAAAAAAAKE!
What the--? There really is someone inside...
Wait, if you're taking the judge course, did you write a mock trial script, too?
W-Wait a second, Myriam. Repeat what you just said.
I thought so. Athena, my bracelet's reacting.


Myriam, your unease is betrayed by a little habit of yours.
Gah... I blew that one.
Don't exaggerate, Athena. I'm a lawyer, not a superhero.
That's strange. You suddenly tightened your grip when you said, "for Juniper's sake." It's like you subconsciously tensed up because you're lying.
Editor-in-chief, huh? Pretty impressive.
There's nothing iffy about it. You're way wrong.
You're not really friends with Juniper, are you?
You put a tape recorder in the art room? What did it record?
Myriam, wouldn't you feel better if you came out of the dark and into the light?
Apparently, some people are already thriving in the dark age of the law.
Well, let's at least take care of whatever we can today.
Okay, maybe it's about time we wrapped up our investigation.
Yeah, you're right.
You mean this one? It's more like a tabloid piece than a newspaper article, if you ask me.
You never know. Help often comes from the most unexpected places. Thanks, Juniper.
Then we've nothing to worry about. There shouldn't be any way to link it to the crime.
It wasn't? Then how and when did it get there?
Me, too. But let's not jump the gun on this.
Did you notice anything different about her?
Athena, it's obvious that they're friends, so let's leave it at that.
Is she gonna be all right? She's like a shadow of the girl we met back at the academy.
What is it?
Seriously?
Don't worry, everything will be fine! You and Juniper are friends, right? You know that friend I mentioned to you earlier? Well, get this. Whenever something's troubling one of us, the other can just feel it. That's real friendship.
Yup! Tomorrow's the big day. Let's sort out what we know so far.
I wish those were the only similarities they shared.
What I mean is the script and this case are exactly the same in almost every respect. So it follows that the actual trial may very well unfold just like the mock trial did!
So, what's it like to have your very own case for the first time?
If it keeps up, you might get a lawyer's high -- you know like a runner's high?
Forgive me, Prof. Means, but can we just leave it at that?
Don't let it get to you, Athena. And don't forget to keep smiling.
Okay, Mr. Wright! Leave it to me!
That didn't sound very confident. You sure you're okay?
What was THAT just now...? It's like he and Blackquill are totally in sync.
Wow, that bird can deliver evidence, too? Blackquill has trained him well.
Must be from that tape recorder Myriam mentioned.
I don't like where this is headed, Athena.
Impressive. He has you on the ropes even before any cross-examinations.
Prosecutor Blackquill has all his ducks lined up in a row. He's really on a roll now.
Ha ha ha. Blackquill really turned that one around on you.
Whoa, easy there, Athena.
Ha ha ha. If he's so weary, he should try hmph-ing less. I bet that'd save some energy.
Don't let him get to you. At least canaries pick up on things quickly, just like you.
I know it's frustrating, Athena, but we don't have much to go on at this point. All you can do is relentlessly press the witness and hope you find a hole.
...Athena. You should just about have all the answers you've been looking for now.
Think about it this way: If the killer knew the details of the mock trial... ...would they really commit the crime in the exact same way?
Try to place yourself in the killer's shoes. I bet you'll discover an inconsistency if you do.
Jeez, I wonder what the Twisted Samurai did to her.
...That sounds more nauseating than scary.
A-Athena! You haven't even started your cross-examination.
Well, I don't think Prosecutor Blackquill is-- No, wait, I bet he's already thought of that.
I tried to warn you.
She's always eyeing a scoop...?

Not so fast, Ms. Scuttlebutt!
There's... just one thing I'd like to ask. Did you take a picture of the victim's body, and if not, why not?
Well, that's strange... Why wouldn't you take a picture if you're always eyeing a scoop?
Did you or didn't you really see the victim's body?!
Did you hear that, Your Honor? The witness didn't actually see the body! That completely overturns the prosecution's claim that the witness was led to it!
What exactly am I looking at here?
She's pretty brave hiding it from Blackquill like that.
...Um, Athena? About this picture... See how it only shows the back of the subject?
Right, who knows whether this photo Juniper in the first place!

But if the facts have changed, that's all the more reason to cross-examine the witness!
...Whew. Guess I pulled that off somehow.
Her means may be questionable, but her motive is surprisingly sound.
Yeah, but Blackquill's assertion takes that into account.
Well, whoever it was that was fleeing, Myriam never did see their face. So, I'm wondering why she thought it was Juniper. Try thinking along that line and see what you can come up with.
Figures he would have a photo.
Yeah, I bet Blackquill had it all planned out. Still, I think you should give this photo a nice, long look.
Check out the chest area. It kinda looks like a hand print to me.
Evidence? That shouldn't be a problem, right? After all, you've come this far.
What?! You mean you've just been bluffing?!
...To think you were actually able to prove that...
Hmm... So, then... ...does that mean that Robin is our man...?
Not again. What's his problem?
So, you think he might be hiding something?
Even I can guess this one. The most natural response would be surprise.
You don't think... Robin likes girls' clothes... do you?
...You're enjoying this a bit too much, Athena.
Just hope it's not more than we bargained for, although that usually seems to be the case.
Well, no offense, but for one thing, he's a guy -- and a real hothead at that.
Out-of-control emotions...! We saw those during the Nine-Tales [sic] Vale incident. So, all we have to do is find the source of his uncontrollable anger, right?
So, we're looking for the source of his anger?
Athena? You okay?
Bigger than the fact that he likes to wear girls' clothes?
Athena, we already know he likes to cross-dress. This line of discussion is a dead end.
Athena, you're not asking just of curiosity, are you?
What?! Have you lost the plot, Athena?!

I still think you've totally lost it! I mean, Robin reeks of testosterone! How could he possibly be a she?! I, for one, have never seen a girl who shouts like a maniac all the time!
Wh-- No waaaaaaaaaaaay!
Am I just imagining things, or is Robin even more hyper now than when she was a he?
Wow... Talk about a sudden turn of events. You've done it. You've found a hole in one of the prosecution's key pieces of evidence.
But Athena, the murder took place before the mock trial even began.
I get it. If Robin won, Hugh wouldn't be able to confess to Juniper.
.........Actually, we might have just the thing.
Yeah, one of Robin's lines I read when we were reenacting the mock trial.
Mr. Newman was surprised by what Prof. Courte was wearing.
Robin said, "Oh, the green sweat suit."
Well, think of it this way, Athena.
If I told you that I'd be wearing a blue suit today... ...but then showed up wearing what I've got on now, what would you say?
.........I'd say she's telling the truth.
You're up against the top of the class now. I'd be careful if I were you.
Whoa, whoa, there, tiger. Just take a deep breath and relax.
Normally, I'd shout, "Objection!" right about now, but I'll take this one for the team.
Well, people do run late sometimes. Like you on the day this whole case began.
Athena, it doesn't matter who's on the stand. Our job is still the same.
Don't let him get to you. He's definitely hiding something. I mean, he was supposed to meet with the victim around her estimated time of death.
The voice is unmistakably female, so there's no point in arguing about that.
Um, Athena?
Whoa, Athena, you're scaring me here.
With what?
...What are you up to now, Athena?
...I think you're right, but what was that last part again?
This is badder than bad! Who knew Blackquill had that one waiting in the wings! Why didn't that Twisted Samurai just present it at the beginning?
Wow, he really is a genius. He even knows what you're thinking.
Now both potential suspects are claiming to be the real killer.
You mind letting your slightly senior partner help out a little now?
Well, I find this statement suspicious. You should find the answer if you take a good look at the evidence.
I could get used this [sic] more humble version of you, you know.
You okay, Athena? You can tell me if something's bothering you.
The thing with cross-examinations is the answer you need isn't always obvious. You have to dig deep to find clues hidden in the testimony. Really wrestle with it.
Well, try not to take it so literally. Just stick with pressing the witness.
We'd better finish this off quick before you rupture an eardrum.
You okay, Athena? You're turning kind of pale.
No, wait! I'm going with you! Sorry, Mr. Wright, but I'd better go too!
All right. If that's how you really feel, we'll respect your decision.
But we want to continue our investigation. Could we ask you some more questions?
You mean, because of that school rule? The one that says you can't graduate if you are convicted of a crime?
...Juniper, thank you for talking to us about this difficult subject.
Junie, do you remember this picture?
Hm, I guess we'd better go check the art room.
Athena, I think this meeting is over. Prof. Means?
Wait, this isn't another one of your crazy--
W-Wait a second. Don't drag my name into--
Sorry for all the trouble, professor. It's just, she's new to the agency, so...
Only the three mock trial participants could've moved the body before it started. That's why the killer must be Robin, Hugh, or Juniper.
To make matters worse, I have a feeling each one of them is hiding some sort of secret.
Today's trial focused on the day of the crime and the actions of those involved.
No running for me. I'm done trying to keep up with you.
So, the main argument tomorrow will be over how the body was moved. Detective Fulbright said Prosecutor Blackquill already has a plan. I bet it involves some bit of info that will damage Juniper's case.
Ha, ha. Very funny, Mr. I-Dangle-Around-Someone's-Neck-All-Day.
More damaging evidence. Juniper's case seems to have no lack of that.
You're right. Let's give it our best shot.
No, wait! Wouldn't our time be better spent investigating the case?
Prosecutor Gavin. What are you doing here? Don't you think sneaking onto campus like this... is just slightly suspicious?
A-Athena, ixnay on the ixsey.
So where is the banner? I don't see it anywhere onstage.
What did I ever do to you?!
Is this an investigation or am I interrupting a German Language Club social event?
Hey, how about picturing me winning once in a while?
You mean, Hugh or Robin?
But that's not really enough to go on, is it? We need to talk with Juniper one more time and persuade her to give us a name.
Yeah, not bad for a temporary stage.
Heh, your judge act from the mock mock trial? I don't know why, but it kind of creeps me out.
Arrrgh! ...That is NOT funny!
But in a way, she still lives on in the messages she left behind. Like the strange way her body was posed and the signs of her wrists being bound.
I don't know, but whoever did it must've felt an amazing sense of release.
What?! No! I feel bad for Robin. She worked so hard on these. Let's pick up the pieces for her!
We could always come back to it after the case is solved. I'll help you fix it.
This statue doesn't look anything like you or Mr. Wright.
Whoa, take it down a notch, tiger. Let's save the fighting for when we find our culprit.
Who, Prosecutor Gavin? We've battled it out a few times before, but I wouldn't call him--
I have better things to do than compete with a speaker, so just forget it.
Let's just ignore it. I mean, it made its wishes loud and clear.
W-What was that?! I thought I heard something just now...
It looks like there are other large pieces scattered about.
But there should still be some more. Let's leave no stone unturned.
This looks like another piece of the statue.
I think we have all we're going to find.
Yeah. Let's see if we can put this statue back together.
Um, Athena? What do you think you're doing?
So... what is it...?
No, no, no! I knew WHO it was! I meant to ask what's it doing here!
The more we learn, the deeper the rabbit hole goes.
You mean this? It has a wire that goes off and connects to something somewhere.
What's with your constant desire to run and climb things?
Well, I'm not climbing that thing, that's for sure. I'd like to keep my spine intact.
An impressive building fit for an impressive school.
Hey, cut that out before you get us in trouble!
Oh, so that's why the banner looks like it's out of place.
Well, looks like the banner's down now. Let's go take a look.
Wait. We probably shouldn't bother him unless we really need something.
Look at this banner. I don't think it would flap very well in the wind.
Look at this. The bottom part is all knotted up. Lemme try and unravel it.
Athena, there are some things that have to yield to forces beyond themselves.
Hey, a scrap of paper was caught up inside. ...It's blowing away!
"October Hugh 120." What's that supposed to mean?
I don't see how even Hugh can get beyond perfect...
Hey, you're right. ...Wait a sec! It's hard to see against the red material, but look. There's a dark red stain here, just under the emblem.
Right, and the art room is where the murder occurred. Are you thinking what I'm thinking?!
Does that mean you're satisfied?
We should take a look if you think it could be important.
Hey, you're right. And it looks like it starts from behind the backdrop.
.........Well, that was totally random, but we'll never know until we take a look.
Yeah, but whatever it was, it's long gone.
Well, that's about it for the stage.
Find what?
That box... It just took off running.
The maintenance area's over in that direction. After that box!
Come to think of it, calling her a failure as a reporter might've been a bit extreme.
Now's our chance to prod her for information while she's vulnerable! I bet that's what you were just thinking.
Wait, it's really hard to see, but I think that's the Gavinners's logo there.
We should probably try to find out whether someone tried to destroy this on purpose.
Shouldn't we stop her, Athena?
What are you going to do now, Athena?! You owe it to her to make this right!
Ooh... Athena. That was cringe-worthy.
Athena, are you thinking what I'm thinking?
...That's one abused laptop.
You scare me sometimes, Athena. You're like good cop, bad cop all rolled into one.
Looks like they're setting up the stage.
That was really impressive, Athena. What's next?
Okay, let's walk around and see if we can find them!
Pretty impressive the way you fixed that so quickly.
Too bad we can't put Mr. Wright's statue back together, too.
Prosecutor Gavin and Lady Justice are back up, but Mr. Wright still lies there shattered. But that was totally your call. I promise not to say anything to Mr. Wright, as long as you don't make me run anymore.
I assume you always get official authorization, right, Prosecutor Gavin?
For a second there, I thought we were going to get philosophical... for once.
I wonder what could've made that.
Wow. Now you're getting oddly specific about your oddly random ideas.
This is the banner you've been looking for. It was found in the incinerator.
You're not getting off that easy. After all, you're a possible suspect, plus you actually confessed in court.
So, you're really prepared to take the blame for this?
You'll make a great lawyer someday. I mean, you seem to enjoy getting under people's skin.
What a terrible thing to say. I thought you guys were friends?
Hugh, wait! .........He's gone.
That didn't go so well. I guess we'll just have to pin our hopes on his testimony tomorrow. Athena, what do you say we head over to the art room. Might be a nice change of pace. Hopefully, the police have completed their investigation.
Right... So, this art room was where the murder actually occurred?
Looking to get arrested for murder via unwarranted flattery, are we?
So, what's the major breakthrough you mentioned?
So now there's evidence of Juniper shouting, "You're a goner!" around the time of death. If we were to take this as truth, how are we supposed to make sense of it?
Athena, I always see your badge gathering dust on your desk. And you usually scramble to find it right before leaving the office.
I think we should approach the case with a fresh, new attitude. It's what's on the inside that's important. We'll be fine as long as we stand strong.
We obviously can't rely on him. Let's take a look for ourselves.
You can at least pretend to feel sorry by wiping that big grin off your face...
I can see that. That's the big board hanging here. The size matches, too.
Hey, it's gone. Remember that strange statue in the school camera photo?
Looks like someone mixed yellow and red to make orange.
What's that supposed to mean?
What about the blob right next to it -- the one with red and green?
Are you saying Prof. Courte is watching over our dietary habits from the Pearly Gates?
A red demon? Looks more like a snake curled around a brush to me.
Hmm... I guess we'll have to agree to disagree.
Okay, let's do that. You okay with that, Athena?
So is this what they consider art? I really don't get it.
Yeah. This must be the window Detective Fulbright stuck his head out of earlier.
Prosecutor Gavin is still standing in front of that broken statue.
Argh... I'll never clear my name unless we catch the real culprit!
And I bet it won't last long, not with the way she deals with her own work, anyway.
Just like... b-bloodstains?
I get it. The victim was stabbed in the middle of the room where the big bloodstain is... ...and then brought over here, at which point, some of her blood dripped onto these pieces. That means the body very well could've been dropped from this window.
Isn't that a mock trial script? Actually, there's a whole bunch of them here.
You must, because your desk always looks like a tornado hit it.
Me? What about Mr. Wright?
Look, there's another one that's fallen onto the floor.
I'll... just wait for tomorrow's horoscopes, thanks.
Is this Juniper? The clothes are different, but...
I wonder what it would've looked like if Prof. Courte had painted Juniper.
But it's not if you look real close. Another strange, difficult-to-understand work of art...
Art... Either it's too abstract to understand or as subtle as a sledgehammer.
I wonder if Myriam's script was ever really inside that envelope.
I wouldn't take part in that mock trial if she begged me.
The prosecution claims this is the script that was supposed to have been used.
Wow, you have that title memorized already?
Well, I think we've examined pretty much everything we can. By the way, did Prosecutor Blackquill happen to tell you anything about tomorrow's trial?
Oh? Does he now...?
Thanks, Detective. ...Athena, I think we should stop by the Lecture Hall.
What are you watching there?
But with that style of justice, you run the risk of breaking the law.
I guess she's been dealing with her own problems, too. That totally makes sense.
Could you tell us about what you were doing on the night of the murder?
This is just a formality, but can you prove you were making the statues at that time?
N-No... That's not what I meant.
Wow, they must really like you...
But why would anyone do that?
That's bribery. The situation at Themis Legal Academy is worse than I thought.
Athena... The Lady Justice that you put back together on that stage...
Well, I think that about covers it.
Wow, this place is definitely a lot cushier than I thought!
Is the camera like this the whole time?
How come teachers' speeches always make me so sleepy?
Looks to me like she cut right in front of the camera.
Looks like there's a judge's bench back by the screen, and a witness stand up front. What about those balconies with the professors' names on them?
Cut me some slack. It was my first time reading that script.
Wow, what an emotional performance. She'd put a real actress to shame.
You really think that's necessary?
I think you're on to something! Let's play that last part again!
They didn't get to do a voiceprint analysis in time for court today. That's why the gender of the voice became so important. And if the real killer had foreseen that gender would become key in today's trial...
Prof. Means's credo is "The end justifies the means." So it makes perfect sense that a student who took those words to heart... ...would fabricate evidence. We need to get that tape analyzed as soon as possible!
Well, Athena? It's almost sundown. Isn't it about time we head over to the Detention Center?
Wait. Athena. My bracelet reacted just now...!
Now I'm sure of it. She's lying.


There it is. Juniper, you're feeling nervous, aren't you?
Nice try! But I just spotted a telltale habit of yours!
Well, in any case, it looks like I got that one wrong...
Juniper, you start coughing when you're under stress. You can't hide it from me no matter how hard you try. When you said, "and never causes trouble," a cough escaped and made your scarf flutter. As for why you were stressed, it's because you were lying.
Athena, it's probably not a good idea for lawyers to punk their clients.
Juniper's one cool customer, Athena.
Yeah, it takes a special kind of person to make a claim like that with a straight face.
Juniper, I don't have that special kind of hearing that Athena does... ...but I don't need it to sense the pain you're feeling inside. And its intensity is directly proportional to how you feel about your friend. Am I right?
The dark age of the law, huh...
And that report session in her planner, the one from October 22nd, was a part of that?
What did you hear?
...it must mean that a bribe of 120 grand was to be paid in October.
Hey, you're right!
It's not your fault, Junie. Anybody would've suspected Hugh if they knew what you knew.
Don't worry. We already know that the prosecution's key piece of evidence is a fake. And thanks to you, we figured out the motive, too. Let's give this our best shot, Athena. Let tomorrow be the day Juniper walks free!
Were you able to sleep last night?
In other words, the recording's a fabrication.
! Wh-Who's there? Wait!
No. I got a quick look, but they got away. I think it might've been Hugh. I bet he was eavesdropping.
Time for a mini Chords of Steel workout! I'm Apollo Justice and I'm fine!!! ...Your turn!
He's coming straight at us today, using any means possible.
......I think I get it now. The drag marks we saw behind the stage were made by the mat.
We're off to a bad start again. You sure you're okay, Athena?
Hang in there, Athena. No matter how many insults they hurl, it won't affect the judge's opinion of you.
Our assertion is Juniper was simply putting the mat away. In that case, where would she be taking it?
He's going to get a face full of Justice, Apollo-style, if he keeps that up.
Mr. Confidence sure goes all out when he tells the "truth."
Careful now, Athena. A genius like Hugh could be leading you right into a trap.
Nice one, Athena! Keep it up!
A-Athena, look at the photo again! Do you think...?!
Me neither, but it's probably safe to assume it was moved before you found the body.
And what's it got to go with going into the crane?
Is this what you're thinking of, Athena?
T-T-Twenty-five? You mean he's older than me?!
I think you have that backwards, Athena...
...Athena. I just thought of something. What was Hugh doing in the crane right before the mock trial? He couldn't have been on the job at the time. I mean, he was waiting for the trial to start.
Those are pretty strong words, Athena. You sure about this?
Well, I think you were on the right track, Athena.
Yeah, Juniper remains the prime suspect if we assume the body was moved as per her script. So, as the defense, you have to figure out how else the body could've been moved.
What's wrong with your face, Athena? It's a weird mix of terror and creepy grin. Just focus on how the body could've been moved without it being dropped.
I'm sure that's exactly what he thought.
This doesn't look good. We'll be back to the mat theory if you don't do something.
Looks like they didn't check it.
We're history if it turns out to be the victim's blood.
Don't worry, Athena. The wound isn't that deep. We've still got the wire theory.
Well, great, as long as he's not up to something else.
The Twisted Samurai strikes again.
I've been trying to think of something, but I'm drawing a big blank, too!
Perfect...
Yes, yes we did... This had better not be another one of his enraging traps...
Yeah, that was just plain weird, especially the whole thing about a body double.
Yeah, the funny farm just called. They want their "genius" back.
Easy there, tiger. Think of it this way. We don't want a verdict to be passed just yet. So how about we give Widget a try?
I've seen my share of crazy trials, but this one takes the cake!
Maybe he enjoys thinking how us mouth-breathers can't comprehend his genius.
Hmm, even a normal level of delight would be weird for a confession. Then again, he's not what I'd call normal.
So, Hugh really was trying to protect Juniper?
You can't be serious. Do you really expect us to believe you had a body double?
Either we quit here and Juniper is found guilty, or we play along with Hugh's delusion.
A body double...? What a bunch of baloney.
Contradictory emotion? Everything he says is one big contradiction.
If it's something he realized himself, this unease might also register in how he speaks.
I don't want to be the poor accountant down at the Detention Center...
Careful, Prosecutor... Remember that shocking experience you had last time!
Me, too.
If you were trying to help her, then why did you testify against her?
It looks like we seriously misunderstood him, in more ways than one.
So, we're back to square one? Now I'm exhausted and depressed.
We need to find some sort of evidence that shows this speech was pre-recorded!
He's obviously not familiar with the phrase "bored to tears."
According to the mock trial video... ...the speech started here... ...and ended here. It was a little over ten minutes, but I doubt anyone wants to be tortured again.
Easy. There's a timestamp in the top right. All you have to do is... ...subtract the time the speech started from the time it ended.
This has to be a lie... I mean, everything about it lines up too perfectly to be true.
Oh, wow, his way of thinking is really warped, but I haven't heard any inconsistencies yet.
Really?
Even though he's rotten to the core, he's a total pro. I mean, that all made perfect sense.
I'm fine! Er, I mean, here!
Ouch! I mean... Here!
There's always one, isn't there?
Argh... Why do I have the sudden urge to go to the nurse's office with a stomachache?
I'd be careful, Athena. If you don't have anything... ...it's probably best to just grin and bear it for now until you find something to nail him with.
What's the plan? All I can think of is pressing him like crazy.
Athena... You've thought of something?
Oh, so it's time for legal smoke and mirrors?
The Gavinners banner was like a dishcloth...? Surely it was at least towel quality...
This is not good, Athena! Our claim is this close to being beaten to a pulp.
A-Athena! Wh-What's wrong?!

Don't worry, Athena, you're doing fine. The truth will always wins [sic] against people like him.
Listen, all you have to do is take a deep breath and look back over the entire case. If there's truth to be found -- and there always is -- you're sure to find it. Now, let me see you smile. Remember what Mr. Wright said? The worst of times are when lawyers have to force their biggest smiles.
I second that "Whaaaaaaaaaat?!"!
Uh-oh... I think I know where this is going.
Um... I hate to ask the obvious, but where am I supposed to get this magical cloth?
Well, given how sudden the request was, it's kinda the best I could do, Your Honor... All right, I think that about does it!
What? No! Besides, it was your idea! ...Just tell me how to tie your hands, already!
You sure? What about the spiky hair on the back of the head?
Okay, I'm on it!
S-Sorry, Athena. I... I couldn't do it!
You sure? What about the spiky hair on the back of the head?
Sure, but then what about the statue's arm? With both arms behind your head, you can't exactly complete the pose...
Hmm... I can't help thinking you've forgotten something, Athena. Something on the body that you don't have right now...
Wh-What are you crazy?!
All right, all right! I don't need to know other languages to know "bossy" when I hear it.
Nobody's buying it! The arrow's nowhere near long enough!
Like that? Right now??? O-Okay, hold on!
Mr. Wright's not gonna like this.
Sure, I'll give your arm a hand! Cloth and binding coming right up!
We did it! ...Didn't we?
Blah, that joke deserves a pink slip.
Great. He'll teach felons that the end justifies the means. So much for rehabilitation.
I dunno... You looked pretty wound up there at the end -- literally and figuratively!
Ah ha ha. Don't mention it.
Thanks, Juniper. That means a lot to me. But I still have lots of work to do! And I can't wait until we see you on the judge's bench!
Best friends forever, huh... No matter what anyone says, nothing beats true friendship.
Aren't you a bit old to be using that word? But yeah, he's the best friend a guy could have. Which reminds me, we're supposed to meet up and gossip about the new girl in the office.
Well... If I had to describe him in one word...
You mind letting your slightly senior partner help out a little now?
Well, I find this statement suspicious. You should find the answer if you take a good look at the evidence.
I could get used this [sic] more humble version of you, you know.
You okay, Athena? You can tell me if something's bothering you.
The thing with cross-examinations is the answer you need isn't always obvious. You have to dig deep to find clues hidden in the testimony. Really wrestle with it.
Well, try not to take it so literally. Just stick with pressing the witness.
