The courtroom bombing incident -- a terrible attack launched by the will of a madman. That incident perfectly symbolized the state of the legal world in this dark age of the law. Mr. Wright brought it to a resolution... of sorts. Ted Tonate was discovered to be the one responsible for the bombing. ............If only it were that simple. Somehow, I can't help but think... ...that there's a darker influence at work -- one that's lurking in the shadows, waiting... That's why I want to review the
(Time for another trial to begin... But this one is different.) ............
(Ack! Was I making a scary face just now?!) Oh, hi, Juniper! Yes, I'm fine! I was just doing my Chords of Steel exercises. Now I'm all ready to go!
Is this... a lotus root?
Thanks for this! I'm gonna have some right now!
............Mmm. *crunch* Kinda tough, though...
(Oops! If she didn't think me weird before, she will now! I've gotta calm down!)
Quit kidding around, Athena. The trial's about to start any second. Is everything all set?
Figure out what?
(Wow. That was the longest sigh I've ever heard.)
(This is our client, one Mr. Solomon "Sol" Starbuck. He's a very famous astronaut, who happens to be an acquaintance of mine. You wouldn't know it right now, but he's usually a very upbeat and driven person. The scene of the crime this time happened to be the Cosmos Space Center. Back in high school, my best friend and I went there almost a little too much... ...but that's where we met Mr. Starbuck. We'd ask about space travel and he'd launch into story after story with so much passion... Back
Of course I'm sure. I know you, Mr. Starbuck. I know you're not the type to commit murder.
(He's so depressed, it almost seems like an act. The launch getting called off must've been a huge shock.)
Don't say that! Don't stop believing! Besides, you just have to go into space again!
(I've never seen Mr. Starbuck so down...)
...Mr. Starbuck! You'll be fine!
I'll get to the bottom of this today! You'll see! And in exchange, I want you to go back into space for you and Clay! Promise?!
Oh! Umm... Well... About that... We... didn't get to investigate the area as much as I'd have liked, thanks to the police.
No, don't say that, Mr. Starbuck!
I know it's hard to lose a teammate, but you've got to keep going.
What about me?
.........We need to focus on the trial right now. Are you all ready to go?
(This is it. This is one trial I can't afford to lose! For Clay's sake and our client's, I WILL find Clay's killer!)
The defense is ready, Your Honor.
Yes, Your Honor?
...I'm fine! The defense is ready, Your Honor!
I'm fine, Your Honor! The defense is ready!
............
............ (What's up with Blackquill?)
(Clay...)
Inner monologue, Athena! Inner monologue!
So... we know that the bomb in the main building was on the second floor... ...but where was the bomb that was in Launch Pad 1 located?
You get used to it. Besides, that's what cross-examination is for, right? (What the two astronauts were doing during the bombing... That'll be the key!)

How powerful were the explosions?
Wait. What were you doing there in the first place, Detective Fulbright?
(I'm not sure he knows how far that actually is... But I guess I'll leave that one alone.)
Anyway, could you describe what it was like at the Space Center at that time?
And how did the evacuation go?
(Hmm... The power outage and evacuation seem unrelated to the murder at this point. I guess I'll leave that aside for now.) So there were two explosions in total, correct?

Let me get this straight... Mr. Starbuck rigged a rocket he was going to board with explosives?
If the defendant really did plant the bomb on his own rocket... ...he'd get caught in the explosion as well!
A... Astrophobia? What's that?
Th-That's absurd!
...What are they?

But that doesn't mean he'd go so far as to blow up his own ship!
What, so THAT'S why you think he resorted to the bombing?
............Urgh!

Are you sure it was only the two of them?!
Ungh... Well, there could've been somebody else inside that rocket!
Then doesn't that mean it's possible that the director is the one who did it?
(He has a point... I guess the director can't be considered a suspect then.)

So, while it would appear that the pair barely escaped with their lives, in actuality... ...one of them had already been murdered inside the rocket. That's the angle the prosecution wants to push, correct?
Is there any chance Mr. Terran could have been killed before he boarded the rocket?
(And then both of their hopes and dreams were dashed...)

And who was the first to find the victim?
(Two witnesses, huh? And one of them is a detective! I doubt either one would have anything to say that would help me...)
Maybe Prosecutor Blackquill's got his tongue...
(What little I could get out of him only hurt my case.)
What is it...?
Wh.....Whaaaaaaaat?!
I should've known Blackquill would have something like this ready.
.........Ah, I see what you mean! Whether Clay was still alive at that point IS pretty crucial. Your Honor! Please take another look at the footage. Isn't it possible that Mr. Terran was still alive here and that Mr. Starbuck was helping him?!
What do you mean?

But you can't deny that there's a possibility the murder could've happened in the lounge! All that video shows is a man helping his fellow astronaut out!
Urk!
(But it sounded perfectly logical to me...)
Objections...? Well, I, uh...
What is it, Athena?
We don't have time! Spit it out, Athena!
Meaning?!
Something they didn't explain... Something they didn't explain... .........Ah! You're right! I think I know what you're talking about!
Y-Yes, Your Honor! Actually, there is! There is something the prosecution has yet to make clear to this court!
The prosecution hasn't explained the defendant's motive yet, have they?
Ah! No, wait! Time out, Your Honor!
Ack. (That didn't score me any points... Time to put my game face on.)
They have failed to explain why Mr. Starbuck would bother bringing the body back at all. If the defendant wanted to kill the victim, why didn't he just leave the body in the rocket? Why go through the trouble of bringing him all the way back to the boarding lounge?
That's because they have none, Your Honor. After all, how does one explain something so illogical?
The prosecution is claiming that the defendant moved the victim's dead body. But what if the entire premise of that argument is wrong?
The defense proposes that the defendant didn't kill the victim! He was helping him! Aaaaack!
Huh? (They've gotta be joking...)
Ah!

Gaaagh!
(Ugh... It's like he's reading my mind...)
You found whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!
Aaaaaaagh... No! Mr. Starbuck would never do anything like that! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!
(No! There has to be some kind of mistake! This can't be the "truth"!)
(......This has got to be a trap.)
Yeah. It seemed like he was waiting for me to bring up the body moving issue.
Because he had just the right argument when I pointed it out... ...and to really rub it in, he had a decisive piece of evidence up his sleeve, too. He was trying to shake my faith in Mr. Starbuck and break me down!
H-He'll be fine! I think... (As long as he doesn't totally give up and say he did it, that is.)
(I don't think the judge doubts THAT!)
(Oh, no! He's completely give up!)
(Huh? That was Blackquill sighing? Mr. Starbuck's testimony contains a glaring contradiction. The question is, what does it mean? Even if Mr. Starbuck is my client, I can't be gun-shy now! It's time to find out the truth!)

So what you're saying is that the victim was still alive at that time?

M-Mr. Starbuck! You are not in space! Please give your testimony seriously!
(Those are complete opposite ends of the spectrum!)

Is that the elevator inside the launch pad area?
In spite of the fact that there had just been an explosion...?
(I think Mr. Starbuck is hiding something. Something pretty big...)


Passed out? Why was he passed out?
I-I guess...? (Not that I'd know...)
Y-Yes, I see... I guess it does make sense that someone would pass out... (Especially if the person in question is Mr. Starbuck...)

Don't worry! I understand. I'll make sure everything turns out all right!
And how am I supposed to do that?!
Mr. Starbuck, think back to what Clay used to always say. It's times like these when he would repeat, "I'm fine!" to himself.
............Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaangh... (Could somebody please reassure me now?)
Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. There's a glaring contradiction. I just wonder why it's there and what it means for our case.
............ (Guess I'll have to show some evidence.)
Mr. Starbuck, I need your testimony to be as accurate as possible.
No, because it's impossible for you to have taken the elevator down to the middle level.
Please recall where the bomb went off in Launch Pad 1. Also recall that after the explosion, the middle level elevator was engulfed in flames.
Exactly. The launch pad's elevator would've been unusable. In other words... ...Mr. Starbuck, your statement is decidedly inconsistent with the facts! Wh-What's with the helmet?

This is mission command... I order you to PAY ATTENTION! Stop this nonsense and answer my questions, Mr. Starbuck!
Yeah, he seemed more like an astronaut now than when he was doing all that sighing. Mr. Starbuck, could you please explain the inconsistency in your statement? About how you used the middle level elevator?
A different route?
So you're saying you escaped without using the elevator?
And the capsule you mentioned... I suppose you mean the thing next to Mr. Terran here? Was the capsule that important that you'd risk your life to take it with you?
I need you to answer to the best of your ability! Mr. Starbuck! Please remember that your verdict is riding on your testimony!

How could you mistake such a basic fact?!
(I wish he'd consider it just a little more insignificant than zero...)

"Maybe"? "Probably"? Did I hear you right, Mr. Starbuck?!
I'm... starting to think he's not...

The upper level of the launch pad area...?
(Granted, that route does exist...) So, to recap, you had Clay over your right shoulder and the capsule in your left hand?
(............I don't think the meaning of what he just said has hit him yet...)
Y-Yes, I know! (Well, I've come this far. No turning back now. It's time to present some evidence!)

He must've weighed over 200 pounds just by himself.
(Walking straight forward is probably about all I would've been able to manage...)
Mr. Starbuck, why don't you just tell the truth?
The truth, Mr. Starbuck!
Mr. Starbuck, under the circumstances at the time... ...you couldn't possibly have reached the boarding lounge via the upper level route.
Not as long as this was along the escape route!


Wh-What's the matter, Mr. Starbuck?
(Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaangh...) Your Honor! Please let me try that again! Under the circumstances at the time... ...Mr. Starbuck couldn't have made it to the boarding lounge via the upper level route.
To get down from the upper to the middle level where the Launch Pad 1 corridor is... ...you would have to go down the ladder, isn't that right, Mr. Starbuck?

But how would that work? At the time, you were supporting Mr. Terran over your shoulder, were you not? And remember, he was in full space gear as well, putting him at over 200 pounds.

But the Space Center is located on Earth! Short of being an octopus, climbing a ladder with an adult male in space gear in one arm... ...while carrying the capsule in your other is impossible, wouldn't you say?
So, Mr. Starbuck! How exactly DID you climb down that ladder with your arms full?!
Mr. Starbuck! Come clean and tell us the truth! NOW!
What the--!? (He's flying the coop!)
I'd rather prove his innocence so he can go to space again someday for real...
Are you ready to tell us... the truth?
(What is going on? This isn't the Mr. Starbuck I know...)
W-What are you talking about, Prosecutor Blackquill?
Oh...? (I sense things are about to nosedive...)
(It was found in his system, but he doesn't remember taking it...?) How could that be?
Wh-Whaaaaaaaaaaat?!
(We can't get any useful testimony out of him if he doesn't remember anything...!)
Ungh... Why didn't he just tell me he couldn't remember?
It does? ............Um, so what is it?

Drop the body down?! Who would do such a disrespectable thing?! Besides, dropping the body down would leave marks on the body itself.
Really? Oh, um, thanks...? Heh heh. Aaaaaaagh! ...Huh? What's this?
.........Y-You can't be implying it ruptured when the defendant dropped the victim's body!

Even if that's true, the tank's explosion and shrapnel would leave its mark on the body. Yet, according to the autopsy report, only the knife wound was found on the victim's body. You're clearly grasping at straws with this line of reasoning!

Then shouldn't it be impossible to stab someone through it as well?!
Wh-What are the chances...?
Nngh... (He's got me there...)
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!
Ack!
Let's see... "The display on the astronaut's left shoulder shows how much oxygen remains." I guess that means these glowing cyan digits represent the amount of oxygen remaining...
Um, Mr. Starbuck..? (Prosecutor Blackquill got to him good...)

Mr. Starbuck, you can't give up hope!
You know, Clay really looked up to you. He said you are an incredible man. He said you'd never give up your dreams and passion for space, no matter the situation.
So don't give up now and help me prove your innocence! For the sake of the man who respected you and believe in you -- Clay Terran!
Mr. Starbuck!
Right. We'll both be fine! I'll prove you're innocent. You'll see! And after that, we'll get you back into space!
Four!
I can't take the credit. It was all Mr. Starbuck. He pulled himself through.
Gah... (I can't let up now! I have to stop Blackquill! I have to see this through... Mr. Starbuck just has to make it back into space! I won't allow Clay's dream to remain unfulfilled! I've got to destroy Blackquill's argument somehow! Think, Justice! Think! If the only people at Launch Pad 1 were Clay and Mr. Starbuck... ...and if Clay was already dead by the time this footage was taken... ...then the only person who could've killed him is Mr. Starbuck. So the only way to counter Blackquill's

Prosecutor Blackquill, you seem to be in quite a hurry to rush the verdict. But about this oxygen tank data you submitted just now... ...it says that Mr. Starbuck's tank had 80 percent remaining while Mr. Terran's had 0. Do you stand by the accuracy of this report?
............Then I guess it simply means that it's faulty, as evidence goes.
It's simple. This evidence contradicts the facts of this case. Take a look here at the detailed description and you'll see what I mean.
Y-Yes, Your Honor! Right away! This is the evidence that the oxygen tank report stands in contradiction to!


...If you think about it on a cosmic level, this world is full of inconsistencies! Wouldn't you agree that this evidence is just one of those mysteries of the universe?
(Too bad he didn't take a more cosmic view of things and forgive me on that one...) Your Honor! Please let me try that again! (I think the problem must lie in the remaining oxygen in the two tanks... Mr. Starbuck's tank was 80 percent full, while Clay's was at 0 percent. Can I find something that contradicts this information?)
The problem is this part here.


What? Oh, um... I just thought it looked... problematic, you know? Don't tell me I'm the only one who thinks so!
Ungh... (One is the loneliest number... But now that I'm looking at it, I definitely see something strange in this footage.) Your Honor! Please allow me to give that another try!
Note the remaining oxygen in Mr. Starbuck's tank as he carries Mr. Terran.
Yes, but according to the data, our client's tank had 80 percent remaining.
I see Your Honor finds it as strange as I do. It's bad enough that there is a contradiction, but the increase in oxygen is beyond illogical!

Heh. I'm going to bet you don't get more rations because you don't abide by the rules. Either way, the oxygen remaining shouldn't increase, just as your rations don't increase. Therefore, this new information is critical! We can't overlook it!
Erk!
O-Of course I can! (The thing to do at a time like this is turn my thinking around! Mr. Starbuck has no memory of it, but he claims to have carried Clay. So this man with the 50 on his tank ought to be Mr. Starbuck. But, if anything, the display on his oxygen tank should have shown an 80. This is a clear contradiction between the report and the security footage. So what I should be asking is not, "Why did the oxygen level increase?"... ...but, "What had to have happened to make it LOOK like it
Yes, Your Honor! I'm ready to answer! This is why the remaining oxygen appears to have increased!
Maybe they were escaping in the opposite direction.
(Ugh... I'd rather fast-forward through this myself... "What had to have happened to make it LOOK like it increased?" Wait a minute! I think I've got it!)
The answer is simple. The tanks were damaged! Ack!
Ack! It's amazing how diligent reporting can come back to bite you in the rear.
(Ow, my aching rear... Let's try that again. "What had to have happened to make it LOOK like it increased?" Wait a minute! I think I've got it!)
What if it was the other way around?
As you can see, Your Honor, both men had their helmets on in this footage. But it turns out, this is where our base assumptions went astray. We assumed that it was Mr. Starbuck helping Mr. Terran, but it was actually the other way around. It wasn't Mr. Starbuck helping Mr. Terran at all. It was Mr. Terran who was helping Mr. Starbuck to the boarding lounge!
It's the only way the riddle of the increasing oxygen level can be solved, Your Honor. At this point in time, the remaining oxygen in the victim's tank was at 50 percent. And when the victim was found in the boarding lounge, his tank was at 0 percent.
This means Mr. Terran was alive as they made their escape to the lounge!

Prosecutor Blackquill, you can't hurt me with a broken blade.
It's true that we don't know how they got down the ladder. I suppose that matter needs further investigating. But we have proven that Mr. Terran was alive when he reached the boarding lounge. This fact alone shatters your claims... ...and opens up the possibility that the victim could've been killed by a third party!
There were two people who claimed to be the first on the scene. But can we truly trust their statements?
Yes, it's certainly possible. We might have to do a little more digging.
(Score!)
EX-
A bomb? Now?!
But what about Mr. Starbuck's dream? And who will carry out Clay's final wish? I don't care what happens to me! I'm not letting some bomb blow the truth up forever! I... I... I refuse to let things end here!
Hey! Ouch! Let me go!
J-Juniper? (She hasn't evacuated yet?)
J-Juniper! Are you all right?!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

Consider the evidence. There's obviously something wrong with that statement!
What's that supposed to mean?!
(Oh, no. Looks like Blackquill is turning the judge against me).

That statement clearly contradicts the evidence!
Ack!
(It seems that statement didn't particularly conflict with the evidence.)

The evidence is at complete odds with the witness's testimony!
(Erk... I better look before I leap next time!)
So there haven't been any contradictions in the testimony so far... That can mean only one thing...
Right. We'll have to work to get the testimony we need. Let's press the heck out of any statements that stick out.
(Too bad I'm drawing a blank.)
.........And which statement would that be? Since I'm the one betting my life on it.
(Time to swallow my pride and let her lend a hand.) (There must be an inconsistency in the testimony Athena's pointing out!)
And who was the first to find the victim?
............
My wounds are fine. And I'm done lying around.
Thanks, but that's not an option. Not for me.
I'm fine. I'm not in pain anymore. Besides, they just gave me an IV at the clinic.
Anyway, just tell me how the case is going. Have you guys made any progress?
A suspicious figure, huh...? Right...
Oh, don't get me wrong. I'm happy. And I fully intend to see Clay's murderer apprehended. Absolutely nothing will get in the way of that.
That's right. Best friends since junior high.
Well, he was full of compassion and energy... and he had a really loud voice.
Ha ha ha. You know, I bet you're right. It seems like only yesterday... Clay was a guy who lived for his dreams... We used to talk about it a lot. He was going to be an astronaut, and me, a lawyer. We'd talk well into the night, and even then, we never grew tired of it.
Oh... It's Clay's.
It's a special jacket that was only issued to members of the HAT Project. He was finally able to get one of his own once he was selected for the HAT-2 mission. He... He always looked so proud wearing it. But just when his dream was finally coming true... I... I still can't believe it............
I guess we were both unlucky. My own debut was a disaster...
That was a rough time for me, but Clay refused to let me quit. "You're fine," he'd say. "Don't give up!" It was right during his screening exams, too. I couldn't have become a full-fledged lawyer without him. That "You're fine!" of his is why I'm still standing here today.
Ha ha. Something like that. Sure brings back memories... When we were in junior high, Clay's mom passed away in an accident. But he wouldn't show his sadness to anyone. One night. I found him crying all alone in the school courtyard.
Clay, listen to me. I don't have a mother, either...
I always think, everybody else has a mom. Why am I the only one...? But, you know, when I start to feel that way, I yell at the top of my lungs. I holler, "I'm fine!" and then, you know what? I start to feel like maybe I really will be fine. APOLLO JUSTICE IS FINE!!! ...Okay, Clay. Now it's your turn.
There you go! Now we're both fine! Ha ha ha!
What are you laughing about? Ha ha ha! See? We're fine!
When you say it out loud, it really starts to feel real. And as long as you don't give up, you can keep on fighting! That's what we believed.
When I became a lawyer... ...Clay was the first person I showed this badge to. He was so happy for me, it was like he just became a lawyer himself.
Yeah, but we were rivals, too. We fought to see who would make their dream come true first. But now...
Clay... He finally became an astronaut, just like he always wanted... How could this have happened just before his big launch?
I'll never forgive the person who murdered him!
I know that. That's why I...! No, never mind...
Hmm... This piece of evidence... Ooh... Ouch! If I try to think, my head starts to hurt.
But I can't just lie in bed. Not when I have things to do for Clay's sake.
............Sorry, Mr. Wright, but I'll be taking a leave of absence.
When I put Clay's jacked on, I swore to him that I would catch his killer myself.
The truth, huh? That's a noble cause. But what if the truth you seek and the truth I seek turn out to be different?
I'm going to catch the person responsible for taking my friend's life, in my own way. Take good care of Mr. Starbuck for me. Now, I must be going... Goodbye.
There were two people who claimed to be the first on the scene. But can we truly trust their statements?
Yes, it's certainly possible. We might have to do a little more digging.
