So they planned to use this bag to carry the capsule, is that right?
Trucy! And... Mr. Wright.
I... I don't know yet.
............
I'd like to hear about that incident, too. It'd help me understand the current case better.
I get the feeling Dr. Cykes loved her robots almost as much as she loved her daughter... ...and almost as much as she loved you.
So they planned to used this bag to carry the capsule, is that right?
............
Congratulations, Mr. Wright and Prosecutor Edgeworth. You uncovered the truth from seven years ago, and you saved Prosecutor Blackquill. However... ...I can't allow this trial to end just yet!
It's very simple. There isn't much to explain. The defendant, Ms. Athena Cykes, might not be innocent.
I'm not talking about that case. I'm talking about the present case. It's still not clear who killed Clay Terran.
...Ms. Cykes, please listen quietly to what I have to say.
Your Honor, please allow me a little of the court's time.
Ms. Blackquill... I'd like to ask a favor of you. Just as you lost someone close to you, I lost someone close to me, too. I'm sure you want to know the real truth of what happened as much as I do.
I suspected Ms. Cykes of the murder of Clay Terran.
Yes, Your Honor, because that is the conclusion my investigation has led me to.
............Mr. Wright, your cross-examination. Please.
I suspected Ms. Cykes of the murder of Clay Terran.
It all started when Ms. Cykes and I were investigating the crime scene. When she saw the weapon that killed Mr. Terran... ...my bracelet reacted. She said she'd never seen the knife before, but my bracelet told me otherwise. And then, every time after that... ...my bracelet would react when she talked about the case.
I didn't know what to do or think. I couldn't even sleep. In that condition, I knew I wouldn't be any good in court. So I decided to wear an eye patch, so I wouldn't be able to perceive any of her tells.

But that knife was also the murder weapon that was used to kill Clay Terran. My bracelet could've also reacted to her because she knew she was his killer, too.
But my bracelet wasn't the only reason I became suspicious of her...
My growing suspicions were confirmed when this incriminating evidence presented itself.
If that's so, go ahead and prove it, then! Look, honestly, I don't want to believe it's true, either...! But... But Ms. Cykes was the only one who was in the Space Museum at the time of the murder.

Seven years ago, Ms. Cykes lived at the Cosmos Space Center. It wouldn't be strange if she had some kind of connection to him. Besides, people sometimes kill for motives we can't even imagine. I know you've seen plenty of cases like that in your own career, Mr. Wright.
In addition, she's the only one who could have utilized the launch pad switch to escape.
I'm afraid not, Mr. Wright.
Recall there is a security camera in Boarding Lounge 1 aimed at the launch pad door. It's the camera that captured Mr. Terran and Mr. Starbuck. But there's also another security camera in Boarding Lounge 2. It recorded Mr. Terran's killer, or rather, Ms. Cykes coming out of the Space Museum.

That's a negative on that one too, Mr. Wright. In the footage taken after the incident............ Ms. Cykes is the only one who appears.
That is why I wish to indict Ms. Cykes on the charge of murder!
You're probably right. Maybe I'm not even fit to be a lawyer... However... I don't care. This case is special to me! Clay was my friend...! And that's why I just have to know the truth...
Then I have only one thing to say. "Evidence is everything in court." Well, Mr. Wright? Think you have the concrete proof to knock down my arguments?
Well, Mr. Wright? What do you think of MY theory?
It looks like not even you can deny it. Ms. Cykes was the only one who used the only possible escape route.
Unless... ...you think there was an alternative escape route...? Is that what you think, Mr. Wright?
............! You're just bluffing again, aren't you?
...clear up this doubt inside me!
I... I want to believe in Athena. I really do. But what is faith without doubt? That's why... I need to question her guilt! So that once the truth finally comes out, I can really, fully trust her!
Yes. I couldn't ignore the seed of doubt that was growing inside me. So I decided I needed to face it head-on! No matter what the truth is that's waiting ahead, I won't be afraid!
Good! Because I want to believe in Ms. Cykes again!
Come on, Mr. Wright! Where do you think the culprit escaped to?
There? I doubt anybody could have escaped that way...
............ Yes, I believe I can.
What are you doing?! This is serious, Mr. Wright!
............I knew it... That's the only way it could be, huh? If the culprit escaped into the corridor that leads to the Space Museum... ...then I guess it's true. The only exit WOULD have been into Boarding Lounge 2.
I investigated the crime scene thoroughly... ...but the only place the culprit could have escaped to was the Space Musem corridor. There weren't any other secret corridors or anything.
Oh?!
A-Are you kidding me?!
Yes, I remember seeing some leaves myself............ Aaaaah! Do you mean...?!
Freakin'

Do you know how impossible that would be?! That corridor is level with the third floor! Even if the culprit tried to leap to the outside wall of the Space Center building... ...they would fall to their death!
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?! Wh-Who could have imagined...?!
Which means someone other than Ms. Cykes could have been the culprit, right?!
Mr. Edgeworth's right -- that does sound pretty insane. The culprit would have to be someone who feels no fear, like a stuntman.
What's that, Mr. Wright?
Doesn't feel... fear?
So you're saying that to a person without fear... ...the alternative route would be quicker and eliminate the chance that they'd be spotted? That's definitely pretty extreme, Mr. Wright!
--AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!
So then, this "phantom"... is the one who killed Clay...?! But who IS he?!
So, you mean... ...the phantom was someone who knew that particular ladder was going to be used?
Wh-Who is it?! Who killed Clay?!
Y-You mean the phantom is...?!
Was it really him...? I mean, all this time, I thought...
Sorry, we didn't catch your name.
THAT monster killed Clay?! He--! He had me completely fooled! Come to think of it, he's the one who brought that bloodstained lighter to court, too! The scumbag even made me turn on Athena! Damn it! How the hell did I fall for all that?!
............
Athena, can you do me a favor?
Could you............ punch me, please?
Because I should've believed in you! I let the seed of doubt inside me get the best of me. I'm really sorry that I didn't trust-- OUCH!
............Huh? Now what are YOU talking about?
I... I want to believe in Athena. I really do. But what is faith without doubt? That's why... I need to question her guilt! So that once the truth finally comes out, I can really, fully trust her!
Thanks, Athena. And thanks for waking me up to reality again.
Leave it to us! We'll get him!
I...! I can't believe he killed Clay!
Prosecutor Blackquill... Mr. Wright... Please avenge Clay's death for me.
I am?!
But... Are you sure you want me...? I... I took a leave of absence and everything...
Th-Thank you, Mr. Wright!
Athena, I can say it with all my heart now. I believe in your complete innocence. And now we're going to prove it to the world!
Right! Because I'm fine now!
You bet I am!
You know, this is the first time we've been at the defense bench together since I debuted.
Well, there have been some hiccups, but I guess I've done pretty well.
Even with those handcuffs off, Prosecutor Blackquill seems to be pretty much the same.
............He's acting exactly the same as always.

D-Don't make me......... break out a dictionary on you!
Ugh... Tell me the phantom didn't just make me set up a stupid pun for him.
Prosecutor Blackquill looks torn.
Mr. Wright, isn't it odd he's saying the prints are from Athena's right hand?
Well, think about it for a sec. Athena always wears that glove on her right hand, right? So there's no way she'd leave prints of those three fingers from her right hand.
Just my opinion, but maybe it's best we DON'T ask her about that... Ever.
Uh, this isn't getting us anywhere, Mr. Wright.
Hmm... This statement that was added... I'm not sure if it's relevant or not.
It looks like he's sticking with Athena as the culprit.
Let's press him on everything until he cracks!

Detective Fulbright, I believe you said... ...that the emblem is only on one side of the lighter. Are you sure about that?
............I knew it. You're lying, Detective.
Yes, my bracelet reacted to his statement about the emblem. He's definitely hiding something big. And I think if we use my talent, we might be able to figure it out.
It's not cheating, Prosecutor Blackquill!
Here goes, then...! Detective Fulbright, could you repeat that last statement one more time?


Aha! I spy a nervous tic!
(That's not the kind of tic I had in mind...) Um, could you please repeat your statement?
Detective Fulbright, you might not be aware of it yourself, but... ...whenever you say the phrase "The Earth emblem," your left thumb moves. In fact, it appears as though you're running it along the edge of your holster.
Be that as it may, I know it has something to do with the lighter. Let me examine it.
Good! Now maybe we'll learn something new!
Hmm. It's hard to tell if the prints are from a right hand or a left just by looking.
I agree. Let's check it out carefully.
Say, do you notice anything funny about this bloodstain?
Supposedly, the lighter was held with the right hand so that the emblem was visible. If so, the prints should be around the emblem and on the lid where you open it.
But Detective Fulbright's words were definitely hiding something. Let's look for something that has to do with what he said.
I guess it's designed to go with the Earth. If anything is suspicious about this lighter, it's probably in this area...
See anything noteworthy?
Wow! It transformed... into something...
It looks like this is the gun that was fired at the scene.
That's right. Whenever he mentioned the Earth emblem... ...he must have subconsciously thought about the secret behind the lighter. In other words, he knew it was a gun from the very beginning.
A lighter that transforms into a gun seems like a spy gadget to me. It's not the kind of thing any ordinary person can get their hands on. In fact, I'd say it's strictly in the domain of elite spies! Detective Fulbright, you WILL explain yourself!

Whenever you mentioned the Earth emblem, you touched your holster! You subonsciously did that because you knew it was a gun!
...Not exactly...
Argh!
Noooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
B-But...!

Says the man who wears sunglasses at night. If it's proof you want, it's proof you'll get! I'll prove that lighter is not Ms. Cykes's, but yours!
It's just, if the prints on the lighter are the basis for accusing Athena... ...I think we should reconsider the credibility of the evidence itself.
That's right. It could all be part of Fulbright's bigger plot. Did he do anything out of the ordinary while I was off on my own?
They were Clay's fingerprints on the lighter...?

I don't believe you! Then how do you explain the fabricated lighter?!
And you expect me to buy that?!
But on the surface, everything does seem to make sense. This could be bad, Mr. Wright, if we can't find a flaw in his logic!
M-Mr. Wright! We can't let the trial end here! If we do, the phantom -- the man who killed Clay -- will get away!
Huh? But he's literally crying us a river over there...
What's he trying to pull?
I'd hate to know what's going on inside that guy's head...
I'm not so sure a man who could make that twenty-foot leap would feel fear about that...
And I'd hardly think a person who feels so little would feel fear over a thing like that...
Is it just me or was he going to use that weird watch thing to try to get away?
Argh! He's obviously lying!
But fingerprints can be wiped off.
We're dealing with a SPY here, Athena, not a SLOB...
Huh?
Does this mean that the moon rock is still somewhere in the Space Center?
And it wasn't found anywhere in the Space Center. So what happened to it?
...So, he killed Clay just so he could get the moon rock back?
Clay must've done everything he could to stop Fulbright! He probably hung on to that capsule for all he was worth until his very last breath!
Wait! But that's...!
Mr. Starbuck...! But that can't be right...! You can't really be the phantom, can you?
So that's the real reason this courtroom was blown up! It was all for the phantom to destroy that one piece of evidence!
Mr. Wright, did you just raise an objection to yourself?
Huh?

But your blood was found on one of the fragments!
And why not?
Nooooooooo!

Then you're just a coward for running away from yourself! When I had my doubts about Ms. Cykes, I felt like I would collapse under the weight. But I wanted to trust her. And I knew I could trust Mr. Wright to uncover the truth. That's why I was able to face my suspicions without hesitation.
Remove that mask and unleash your emotions!
That's our Trucy for you! I'm really glad to see you're safe.
It was definitely the most amazing turnabout I've ever seen!
Thanks, Mr. Wright. I'm going to work extra hard to make up for all the worry I caused. Apollo Justice is fine and ready to go! Let's hear it for the Wright Anything Agency!
Nothing like a bowl of Eldoon's Noodles after a trial, all on Mr. Wright's tab. That's how it works at the Wright Anythign Agency, right, Mr. Wright?
Only if I get to join in!
Mr. Starbuck! You'll be fine!
Alright!!!
You're fine, Mr. Wright! Let's just take this one step at a time!
Is everything okay, Mr. Wright? It looks like you're getting a little bogged down.
Well, here's something you taught me. If you can't find an inconsistency in the testimony, try pressing the statements. Wouldn't now be a good time to try that?
That's it! I figured it out!
I figured out the contradiction in that testimony! Can I say it? Can I?
I think that's the statement that's off. What do you think?
