...............Hmph. ......Enough jabbering. Get on with it, already.
......Must we continue to fritter away time like this? It is all right there in the indictment. An opening statement... would be pointless.
Hmph. Well, then, Your Baldness, if it's so very important, why don't you do the honors?
There's a term for people who whine and fuss about how they need silly, useless things... ...and then decide they no longer want them once it's theirs: a selfish old fool.
Hmph. Old dotards such as you are a plague upon the young. I pity your poor grandchildren, or is it great grandchildren?
...And why, pray tell, was the mayor arrested?
So, in a nutshell...?
Bravo, Your Baldness. Your years of experience shine bright like your head.
............Hmph. It would seem that I have been sorely underestimated.
Fool Bright! Save your platitudes for funerals. Get on with your statement.
Hmph. Never heard of the incredible feats of which man is capable of in a pinch, have you? Like the samurai of yore, wrestlers can battle through intense pain. It sharpens their senses. I used to talk about it with a former wrestler I met in the clink.
Does it now? ......Then perhaps we should test the theory on you with the edge of my blade!
............Hmph. And so your life is spared... for now.
The accused's prints were on the weapon. And he's the one person without an alibi. Quite decisive evidence. Wouldn't you agree, Your Baldness?
Hmph. What's more, a curious rumor about the accused is making the rounds. They say he seeks the merger for the purpose of freeing Tenma Taro from his imprisonment. Truth be told, I can think of no real reason to show interest in that backwards burg. Perhaps he's a complete nutter and really does seek to release an imaginary demon. Either way, he is raving mad and more than capable of murdering the alderman.
Your Baldness. Please take a gander at those charms plastered around his cranium. I hear they're meant to keep him safe from possession by the demon Tenma Taro. Then again... Perhaps he's already under the demon's spell. Behold! The lunatic appears poised to lunge at you at any moment.
Oh, what a dreadfully fearsome lass we have here.
Two yokai to be exact. On one side is the Nine-Tailed Fox and on the other Tenma Taro. Quite interesting if you think about it. It's as though this very case were rendered in art.
Hmph. Nothing but claptrap and balderdash if you ask me. Now stop your bleating and tell us about the weapon.
I'd venture to say, he did NOT wipe off the prints because he COULD not.
.........
And that is why he was out cold. That is until he leapt to his feet upon being impaled by the mayor.
Heh. A rather stimulating eye opener if you ask me. I, too, would have risen to the attack, for to die in battle is the samurai way. Paradise awaits fallen heroes, but that hole in his stomach would make eating a challenge...
............Hmph. Says the jester in detective's guise.
Quite a difference when compared with a yellowbelly like you.
Setting aside the halfwit's flights of fancy, the fact is this. The court-ordered post mortem concluded the victim moved after his skewering.
Hmph. You've a lot of nerve... ...but will you raise an objection in the face of swift punishment as solicitors are wont to do?
Hmph.
Your mind is as dull as an unhoned blade, Justice-dono.
It will take far more than that to cut down Simon Blackquill. A whelp such as you has no hope against my superior swordsmanship.
Hmph. There is a perfectly good explanation for the lack of prints on the statue. You might recall that bloodstained cloth found at the scene of the crime. Well, it just so happens... that the blood was the mayor's.
Hone your mind, boy! Why was there blood on that cloth? Solve that riddle and you shall see that the hole you thought you found is but an illusion.
Do you truly think the alderman would show up to a meeting over the fate of his village... ...wearing this ridiculous-looking cloth over his head?
...............

But the mayor did not bother to wipe away his own fingerprints on the murder weapon. Why would he wipe down one weapon but not the other? Careful, now. Use what little brains you have left before you speak.
...Precisely. Bully for you, boy.
Right. That a statue wrapped in cloth would leave no fingerprints is as plain as day. But this also proves there are no holes in our theory of the alderman striking back.
Now do you see how dull your mind is?
A particularly frightening inmate once told me that... ...he always tenderly honed his blades before he went to work, like the samurai of yore.
Actually, he was working in the prison kitchen at the time.
Hmph. Then who, pray tell, struck the mayor with the statue? Please, illuminate us with your wisdom, young lady.
Prove the existence of this "real killer" then. What evidence have you?
Hoy, Fool Bright, explain to His Baldness what these brats are missing. You know, the who and why behind those feathers and tracks.
Those feathers only gave weight to the idea that the alderman was slain by a demon. The accursed demon Tenma Taro, that is.
Tenma Taro -- the legendary demon locked away in the village's Forbidden Chamber. From a young age, the villagers are taught to fear the great, black-feathered demon. And thus were they blinded to other, more plausible explanations.

Dullard. You are playing right into the killer's mind games.
Listen here. The feathers and tracks were merely red herrings. The villagers believe the murder to be the work of the real Tenma Taro. However, the police believe that the person in the Tenma Taro suit is the killer.
The defendant sought to sow this confusion in order to deflect blame away from himself. However, he was knocked unconscious by the alderman... ...and thus our mentally deficient mayor was caught red-handed at the scene of the crime.

The evidence speaks for itself. ...Fool Bright!
Just so. A particularly silver-tongued inmate once had the following words for me. The innocent of heart are the easiest prey.
.........No. He was framed for the murder of his beloved. I actually felt sorry for the poor chap.
Hmph. But when the accused showed his face... ...the angry mob scattered like leaves upon an autumn wind. For you see, lowly yokai are no match for Tenma Taro, the Dark Lord of their kind.
Like the samurai of yore, surrounded thick with enemies, he cut them down one by one. It was a complete and utter loss of face for Tenma Town Pro Wrestling.
Hmph, that superstitious lot? It's as if Jack the Ripper had been set loose in their village. The mere thought of that demon lurking about is enough to spark a mass exodus.

Perhaps the killing was spur of the moment.
From the outset, I had no intention of paying heed to any of your babble. However, the fact is, the mayor made a startling discovery.
Alderman Kyubi's secret identity.
This patch of fur was discovered at the crime scene. It's from the mask worn by The Amazing Nine-Tails. Therefore, we can conclude that this mask was at the crime scene.
The victim was a former pro wrestler and a member of the anti-merger movement. ...Need I say more?
Hmph. Your Baldness has had an epiphany I see. Our victim, Rex Kyubi, was The Amazing Nine-Tails! And the mayor's discovery of such was his motive for murder!
At last we've reached my real point: why did the alderman have to forge a secret identity? Does it not pique your interest, Your Baldness?
Very astute of you, Your Baldness.
At present, the alderman's wife is in the hospital. And that letter is clear evidence the mayor was blackmailing him by threatening her life.
Hmph. Really up a tree now, aren't we?
.........
You Baldness, it appears our defense attorney here is delirious from exhaustion.

............Hmph. Little do you realize... ...that though you are in the midst of a fray, your sword is broken.
Consider this: if that yokai impersonator had indeed fled toward the foyer... ...that fool and that fop would have seen him.
Both Phineas Filch and Florent L'Belle were in the foyer at the time. But they haven't stated that they saw a yokai, have they? Did you ever consider that yokai was but a figment of a scared little girl's imagination?
Hmph. I knew that tanuki was a rare find. But when we captured him, I didn't think he'd end up a witness. Do with him as you will.
That yokai you keep jabbering on about was but a phantom of a little girl's dreams.
Allow me to introduce my trusty cohort, Taka. He seems to have taken quite a liking to the courthouse. Made it his new home, in fact.
Taka simply loathes trickery and fraud. And that queer power of yours seems to have offended my dear, bosom buzzard.
Oh, he's merely having a bit of sport. He won't harm you, save when truly famished.
Listen here, you little tanuki. Get straight to the point and be quick about it. The court wishes to hear what you did or didn't see in the foyer, and naught else.

Granted, this tanuki was law in his duties, but he still had the foyer entrance covered.
.........This.
Auditory sense. His eyes may have been slacking off, but his ears were still hard at work. Right, tanuki?
Fair warning, Mr. Filch. Taka is particularly fond of tanuki. Should you lie to this court again, you may suddenly find yourself on the menu.
Superstition is the religion of feeble minds. Understand? A simple, rational explanation is best. Forget yokai, demons, and such. We must use common sense, for lacking that, our entire world would be but upside-down.
Listen to me, you little tanuki. Lie again and Taka shall feast upon that forked tongue of yours.
You were negligent in your duties, were you not?
I can vouch for the tanuki's keen ears. He came running from across the building the moment Fool Bright dropped his wallet. And true to his name, Filch filched it before Mr. Less-Than-Bright knew what happened.
.........Well now, this IS getting interesting.
Hmph. If that were the case... ...then the fact that the witness believes Tenma Taro had a staff would not be an issue.
Bloody hell! You duplicitous little--!

Hmph! Superstitions, you say? What kind of a fool would actually believe such rubbish? And would that using some silly fairy tale so easily expose the culprit. You'll need to come up with a more rational, common-sense explanation than that!

Try living in my world of narrow cells, mortal danger, and dark, sleepless nights! There is no lack of superstitions in the clink, but few are those who truly believe in them!
............Grr! Raaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwrrrrrrrrrrrr!
You fool of a tanuki! Two times now, your lies have cost me!
...Taka, my fine-feathered friend, have at him!
.............................. ..............................
Justice-dono, long has it been since I've been forced to draw my blade. You had best say your prayers.

Hmph. I'm not in the habit of cutting down unarmed cowards.
So, Justice-dono's assertion is this: Tenma Taro is the real killer, not Mayor Tenma. According to him, there was a yokai at the scene of the crime.

Care to explain why Jinxie, being the first to discover the murder... ...did not see your alleged killer yokai there in the Fox Chamber?
.........Hmph. Let me enlighten you. That little scamp heard a dying scream right before she opened the chamber door.
Upon opening the door, she found a freshly skewed murder victim -- the alderman... ...and the homicidal maniac who had killer him -- the mayor.
Then why does that little scamp claim not to have seen a yokai in the Fox Chamber?
Hmph. There is but one way to find out: Ask Jinxie Tenma whether she saw your killer yokai at the scene of the crime.
The final battle draws nigh. Only one of us will leave here alive. Heh heh heh. Long has my blade thirsted for blood. At long last, it shall be sated!
Show me what you're truly capable of, Justice-dono!
...Three minutes.
Just so. Plenty of time if your destination of intent is the loo.
See that you take no more than three minutes. All latecomers will be punished.
.........Now, you little scamp.
I trust you know why you're here.
Bags? Oh, that tricksy tanuki? Try the noodle stand. And go enjoy a big bowl of tanuki tail noodles why you're at it.
Azukiarai? The yokai that washes azuki beans? The only thing needing washing will be your father's beck before I take his head clean off!
.........I-Is that so? Well, thank you.
This is ludicrous. You would have this court listen to this delusional little scamp's testimony?!
............Hmph. It makes no difference to me. Do as you will, but I doubt we shall get any viable testimony. She'd be better served by bearing witness to the sword skills I forged in a distant land!
.........Right. There never really were any yokai there. So, the defense is asserting the exact opposite of their original assertion?
Allow me to push you on in. It's the least I can do.
Might I have a look, Your Baldness? Hmmm......... Ah! This is none other than the master key to Kyubi Manor.
It matches the serial number of the key that went missing after the murder.
Our little scamp here has stumbled upon an article of unimaginable consequence.
Hmph. Heed these words, for I shall say them but once. The sole key to the Fox Chamber has been in this little scamp's constant possession. Ergo, she was the sole person who could use it before, during, and after the murder. Which leaves the master key as the only other key that could have opened the chamber. But this master key... ...was found in a room that had been locked by this girl.
Until Jinxie Tenma opened the Fox Chamber with her key... ...the room had been locked tight from the outside world. And there was no one else in there, save the victim and his killer. I trust you have figured it out for yourself by now. A killer other than Mayor Tenma himself would be utterly inconceivable!
...Cykes-dono. Allow me to put you out of your misery.
Abandon your client and your misplaced faith in him. Let the relief of a clear head and a clean conscious come rushing in. That will make the inevitable guilty verdict far easier to accept.
Now, I suggest you make a mad dash from the courtroom and into the wild blue yonder. Only by running shall your mind be cleared and your conscious cleansed.
Vague conjecture shall only earn you a taste of my blade, Justice-dono.
.........Hmph. It would appear you've already forgotten. The only available key until Jinxie Tenma came on scene was within that locked room. How would one exit the Fox Chamber, and then lock it without a key? Hmm?
...Hmph. I have already considered and investigated such possibilities.
The mayor's fingerprints were not found on the door or its doorknob. The only fingerprints found belonged to the alderman. Ergo, the mayor did not so much as touch the door.
The killer will never be identified if we attribute key moments to mere chance. Perhaps that spear just happened to fly off of the wall and impale the alderman, too. And perhaps that sedative just happened to make its way into his coffee. Mere chance could explain any number of things.
Consider this: The master key was found inside the tightly locked Fox Chamber. Any assertion that the key was removed from that room is a blatant contradiction of fact.
.........Hmph. Perhaps we should ask the little scamp herself. When you opened the Fox Chamber, did you witness anyone throw the master key inside?
What a pity. Or perhaps you intend to accuse the witness of murder?
...And where would you throw it from? There is a cliff outside the Fox Chamber's window. Throwing the key in from there is an impossibility.
It seems the defense has developed a case of amnesia. A sheer cliff lies just outside that window. No one tossed in anything through there.
...Hmph. I'm afraid you would still have no ground to stand on, just as with your case. For you see, a raging river lies at the bottom of that cliff.
Hrgh! That's preposterous!

..........A valiant effort, Justice-dono, but your final thrust missed its mark.
Both that little scamp and the tricksy tanuki saw the yokai after it left the room. But then what? Did that irksome yokai simply go through the foyer and waltz right out the front door?
But that is impossible -- without being spotted by the foyer's security camera, that is. The electric eye here would have captured any pesky little yokai trying to escape. However, there is no sign of Tenma Taro anywhere in the security footage.
Save for the foyer entrance, there is no other way to flee the manor, is there?

Hmph. Must I point out every crucial detail to the defense? It seems you lack not only brains, but investigative prowess to boot. That is the cliff side of the manor. The only killer escaping that way would be a dead one.
....Ha! I suppose your next proposal is the killer sprouted wings and flew off into the sunset?
............
............
Justice-dono, surrender yourself now or suffer the death of a thousand cuts.

It is your brain that has flow [sic] the coop. That image is naught but trick photography or some other form of artifice.
.........No, there is a rational, common-sense explanation for that. That infernal yokai our tricksy tanuki witnessed never reached the entrance. He -- or should I say she -- turned back before the camera's electric eye.
Now, the fact that we know the yokai had come from the Fox Chamber... ...means that it was likely either Mayor Tenma or his daughter Jinxie Tenma. However, we know that Mayor Tenma was already unconscious at that time.
Do you understand the gravity of the situation now, Justice-dono? The falsified yokai remnants... ...and the appearance of "Tenma Taro" were the work of one individual. And that individual is none other than Jinxie Tenma!
The little scamp was, no doubt, simply trying to protect her father. And it's no wonder that her superstitious mind conjured up this mad masquerade.
Hmph. Did you truly believe this could end any other way?
Bailiff, seize her! It is time I interrogated her as the samurai of yore would.
Hmph. This farce is over. How does it feel, seeing your own daughter accused of a cover-up most foul?
Now, now, Mr. Mayor. It would be futile at this point to claim you were the yokai. After all, you had been knocked out cold by a blow to the skull. Slipping into a yokai costume and roaming about the manor would be all but impossible.
Consider this well. As it stands, your daughter will be arrested for obstruction of justice. But if you confess, the prosecution would be willing to overlook her little yokai farce.
Your Baldness! .........Can this not be interpreted as an admission of guilt?!
Be that as it may, the defense's case has been overturned.
You claimed the yokai that little scamp saw was some third party -- the true killer... ...the one who escaped from the locked Fox Chamber, but it was the accused all along.
Ironic, is it not? Your yokai turned out to be real in a manner of speaking. For the alderman's killer is none other than Mayor Tenma! And the yokai at the scene? That, too, was Mayor Tenma, or should I say, our dear Tenma Taro! The pieces have all fallen into place.
Hmph. It seems I must spell it out for you. Mayor Tenma killed the alderman in the Fox Chamber -- which was locked at the time. He then removed the warding charms from the Forbidden Chamber's door... ...but then fell unconscious from the blow the alderman had delivered to his head. That's when his daughter Jinxie Tenma stumbled on the scene of the crime. The little scamp fled in terror, whereupon the spirit of Tenma Taro... ...freed at last from the charm's warding effect, took possession of
Then, what? Do you mean to say the maid of Kyubi Manor, Jinxie Tenma, was Tenma Taro?
Hmph. It would seem the pieces are still in place.
The proverbial ducks are all in a row. You should now have no qualms about finding the accused guilty, Your Baldness.

Hmph! This is the dark age of the law where defense attorneys are not to be trusted. This is but a ploy to gain time for them to fabricate evidence! How will I sleep tonight... ...knowing you will not let the run rise on the mayor's day of reckoning, Justice-dono?

Then prove it by joining me. A night in the clink will ensure you will not succumb to temptation!
We have both evidence and a confession. The killer is this yokai before us. It is beyond dispute. A guilty verdict is all but-- Uuuwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!
*huff* *huff* What in the devil was that? Fool Bright! Have you tampered with my shackles in some manner?
You shall pay for this. I, Simon Blackquill, vow to-- Uuuwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
...Hmph. I object to you on personal grounds. The sole contradiction lies in what your faulty logic dreamt up just now.
Your gall knows no bounds. It's shocking, really.
You stand there, brazely objecting to perfectly factual statements... One does not see such shameless behavior that often.
...........................Your Baldness.
What do you make of this objection of his?
I've no patience for vagaries. Now, answer my question.
Bravo. Nicely done.
.........
...Hmph.
.........Your Baldness... It's plain to see that you've always dreamed of delivering an epic opening statement.
Why, of course you have. I saw it in your eyes the last time you gave the opening statement. That was the look of one who yearns deeply for the thrill of an epic opening statement. For decades now, you have been watching opening statements from your bench. They were the crown jewels of the court -- the one thing you could not possess!
Now, at long last, they are within your grasp. How could you possibly refuse?
I'll make a special exception, just this once.
...Ergo?
...That was quite astonishing. You've truly outdone yourself this time.
The inexplicable yokai evidence left at the scene of the crime... Well, does that not demand some sort of explanation?
That was but an act to protect his daughter.
His daughter was the one who planted the yokai evidence. Ergo, the true identity of the yokai in the manor was the manor's maid, Jinxie Tenma.
Hmph. Would you care for some witness testimony, then? For I am ready to prove that the little scamp is the one behind the Tenma Taro farce.
Perhaps we should shackle you by the neck. That would keep you in place.
.........Your statement. Now.
Feigning height is but an easy thing... ...but a big ox like the defendant could never pass for short.
All monsters are naught but tricks, either of the mind or the cheap parlor variety.
Precisely. Human senses are easily deceived. Take the fellow in the cell next to me. Each night, he cries and screams about some ghost he thinks he sees. But in truth, it was simply the janitor.
The janitor's deathly complexion and all-white attire are, no doubt, partially to blame. That and the fact that he constantly mutters about taking vengeance for this or that.
...What's this?
...Ack!

Such accusations beg evidence. Aside from his ghastly appearance, can you prove he is the yokai we seek?
Hmph. So, that is the evidence you have to offer? And how, pray tell, does that inform us of who it was that entered the Forbidden Chamber?
No need for that, Your Baldness. We have the prints of everyone at the manor that day.
Fool Bright! Analyze this for prints. You have three minutes.
......It would seem the fingerprint analysis is complete.
What in the world...!
This... This is absurd!
Fingerprint analysis has revealed that the prints belong to... ............Phineas Filch.

Why you tricksy little tanuki! Explain yourself, now!
You...... fool of a tanuki!
The police searched every nook and cranny. No yokai costume was left in that manor.
I already told you. Every nook and cranny of the manor was searched. No costume was ever recovered.
............None whatsoever. I'll deal with that tricksy tanuki after I've dealt with this case.

Sheathing the sword a bit early, are we not?
Nothing has been proved beyond a doubt. Take this tricksy little tanuki for instance. How do you suppose he was able to exit the Forbidden Chamber?
And what of the feathers and tracks at the scene of the crime? They would suggest that the tanuki exited through the chamber door, not the air vent.
......Hmph. Someone on the outside opened the door for you, isn't that right?

Well, you little tanuki? When the Forbidden Chamber opened, did you see the accused passed out there?
Hmph. If the accused wasn't there, what do you suppose he was up to?
Plainly, the only one who could have opened the Forbidden Chamber was... ...the accused Damian Tenma!

It seems our feisty little lass has forgotten the most important thing: evidence.
Ah! Not that insufferable--!
Argh!
.........
......Your Baldness.

.........Enough jabbering. Swords have been drawn. The time for talk is past.
This is a duel to the death. The fate of the accused rests in our hands. Be gone, ye of cowardly heart! The battlefield hath no place for ye!
Those chains hindered my vow that heads would roll this day.
Will the witness please deliver the accused's death knell? You know of what I speak.
There you have it. The mystery man who opened the chamber door -- as witnessed by one Phineas Filch... It was the accused. There was never any third party.
Just so. And quite astonishing, I might add. I only learned of this fact during the recess.
It is, indeed. During that last recess, I confirmed it with the mayor's daughter. It would seem Mayor Tenma actually did confess.
...Hmph. As a death row inmate once told me in years gone by... "There is a time to fight and a time to yield. A time to live, and a time to die."
...The only thing criminal here... is your ceaseless jabbering. Now, get on with your testimony.

Foolish fop. A true man knows when he is beaten. A shield of lies comes to naught before a foe with the sword of truth bared.
You are mistaken. There are no sides here, save for my cold, steely edge of judgment. You are alone upon this battlefield, with naught but your lies and sickly sweet perfume.
You heard the mayor's confession from the inside, did you not, you deviant dandy? For the sole location from which you could've seen and heard the mayor and the tanuki... ...without either of them noticing you was right there in the Fox Chamber.
Just so. He could see everything without being spotted by the victim or that tanuki Filch. Suffice to say, he was mere witness to the events, rather than an actual third party.

Need I remind you, this is a court of law. We are not teaching morality here. We have schools of etiquette and such for trivial pursuits.
Now, you listen to me, you deceptive dandy. Get to the point and be quick about it.
We can deliberate his mental process another time. Get on with the testimony. Now!
.........Justice-dono, explain yourself. And make it quick.

Enough of your silly games, Justice-dono. This prancing peacock could not possibly be the killer.

Why could he have not seen the statue in its true form before the murder? After all, he was close friends with the alderman. Ergo...

Moreover, it has already been proven that he was not present at the scene of the crime.
Forgotten, have we? Recall the little scamp's statement if you will. When Jinxie Tenma unlocked the Fox Chamber... ...she saw the alderman and the mayor collapsed therein -- and no one else.
The fact is, it was you two who made that apparent in yesterday's court session. Thus, Florent L'Belle could not possibly have been in that locked room!
.........The proof is incontrovertible. No room for debate exists. Am I not right, Your Baldness?

You cannot defend the indefensible. Your role in this charade is over, Justice-dono.
Your Baldness... This trial would last an eternity if we were to keep crossing blades with these simpletons. It is high time you brought down the hammer of justice.
Bailiff! Don't just stand there! Seize him!
Hmph. Unprecedented in absurdity more like.
...Hmph. It would seem the defendant's recollections are not to be trusted.

Hoy! Don't you think this strange? The little scamp has already confirmed her father to be in the Fox Chamber. But she said naught about seeing The Amazing Nine-Tails there.
Not with more of your bluffs and fairy tales, I trust? Fair warning, Justice-dono. I shall have your head if you fail to explain this.

That is a complete impossibility. Their faces are utterly unalike. How could you explain that away with a mere disguise?
And if it was that sort of disguise, wouldn't she have removed it?
Your sword is as dull as your mind, Justice-dono. Shall I show you what a truly sharp blade is capable of?
.........Hmph.
Well, now that we have that little fairytale out of the way... Your Baldness, your verdict if you will.
Your Baldness, I see no need to further indulge them in their silly little farce. The defense has no proof. They never did and they never will.
.........Do you, now?
I, too, fail to see your point.
Gah! Wh-What absolute claptrap! Poppycock! Balderdash!
You... You'd best explain yourself, Justice-dono... And from where you derived such a farfetched conclusion!

The accused and that deceitful dandy are utterly dissimilar in physical build and voice. The little scamp would have seen the difference!

Why did she not simply pull the mask off?!
...Gah! Uuuwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

Hmph. This is no more than guesswork and speculation. Now, stop your jabbering and--
Argh!

For this absurd theory to work, it requires that the defendant be The Amazing Nine-Tails. However, he was the one pushing for the municipal merger. That such an individual could possibly be The Amazing Nine-Tails is preposterous!
Gah! This is madness! No one could possibly hatch such an insane plot!
.........Hmph. So, what now, Justice-dono? Without the mayor's admission, your theory is as useless as you are in battle.

Hmph. Nothing more than idle speculation. You've no evidence, now, have you?
Enough jabbering about blossoms and whatnot. Get on with your testimony before I slice you into a bouquet of cut flowers.

The only terrible loss is the time wasted by your ceaseless yammering. If you would avert the tragedy awaiting you and that vexing visage of yours, then--
...Hmph. Fairytale or not, Tenma Taro made quite the mess of things.

...............Hmph! Justice-dono... You should at least have a real blade in your hands if you desire to cross swords with me. Or have you mistaken this battlefield for a training ground?
Evidence is like a razor-sharp blade that cuts through bone as though it were butter. But you have only blind guesses -- a dull blade incapable of cutting even a cake.
This is the final battle. Just as a samurai must live and die by the sword... ...you will live or die by the evidence you hold. My swift blade of judgment awaits. Now, present your conclusive evidence, or don't you have any?

It would appear your coup de grâce failed to hit its mark. This freakish fop is not the white-hair type. Because he's busy being one ludicrously garish color or another.
Wh-What?
What's this?! Are you saying that preening peacock's hair color is...?!
...This is preposterous. I, Simon Blackquill, defeated?
The defaced man has withered like a flower without water. One of the officers is currently tending to him with a sprinkler.
Allow me to explain the actions of the guilty party in detail. The motive, of course, was to steal the gold ingot known as "Tenma Taro." However, few are allowed into the manor due to its cultural ties to Nine-Tails Vale. L'Belle set in motion plans to gain access to the manor and the gold within via the merger. But the efforts of The Amazing Nine Tails saw those plans come to a halt. And thus, L'Belle murdered the alderman and attempted to pin the blame on Mayor Tenma.
L'Belle hid his past well, much like he hid his "beauty" with makeup. He's mired in debt. Debt due to pouring money into a brand only he could love... ...which is why he sought the gold with such voracity.
...Hmph. I object to you on personal grounds. The sole contradiction lies in what your faulty logic dreamt up just now.
Your gall knows no bounds. It's shocking, really.
You stand there, brazely objecting to perfectly factual statements... One does not see such shameless behavior that often.
...........................Your Baldness.
What do you make of this objection of his?
I've no patience for vagaries. Now, answer my question.
Bravo. Nicely done.
