...Your Baldness.
This case is crystal clear. I see no need to explicate it any further. ...Now, summon the witness.
.........Is there something the matter? Please do share, Your Baldness.
.........
A splendid job, Fool Bright. That could not be any clearer. Feel free to anticipate a salary raise next month.
Hmph. Not only a halfwit, but a perennial stick-in-the-mud you are.
A former ninja I met in the clink said that exposing those who work in the shadows... ...is to pass the death sentence upon them.
This is so simple, even an ape posing as a decrepit old judge could understand. Only the victim and the defendant were privy to the script. Ergo, the defendant is the killer. Furthermore, in the art room where the crime supposedly occurred, this witness's script... ...along with an envelope on which "Use" was written were found. This proves that the accused's script had been rejected the day before the mock trial. She pressed the victim to use her script, an argument ensued, and then the fatal

...Hmph. Indeed, you are quite fair -- fairly desperate!
Now you listen to me. The two cases do, indeed, have their differences. For one, the stage hadn't yet been erected in the mock trial script. And in the actual case, there were signs indicating the victim's wrists had been bound. But such differences pale in comparison to the host of similarities. In any event, replicating the crime without knowledge of the script is an impossibility.
Hmph. There in the art room where the heinous crime took place... ...an envelope marked "Use" and Myriam Scuttlebutt's script were found. Evidently, the script that was going to be used belonged to the girl in the box over there.

.........Hmph. Weary is the trial which pits hawk against canary.
I shan't repeat myself, so listen carefully, Cykes-dono. Hugh O'Conner discovered the body before the mock trial even began. How could one stage the body as it is in the script before anyone knew its contents?
Do you even fathom the intricacies that go into staging a crime scene? No, I think not. You have the rudimentary mind of an elementary school child.
Hmph. Now do you see how clear-cut my case is? Take it now, and in that fair, desperate mind of yours... ...etch it deep so you may never forget!

Hmph. Have you forgotten who penned the script?

...Hmph. It would seem Justice-done's comrade in arms has finally drawn her sword. However, the blade is dull, and it shall remain so until you master its use.
There is a perfectly good reason for the inconsistency of which you speak.
Must I spell out everything? Hmph, you are what people today call "high maintenance." The accused had intended to stop the mock trial. And in that event... ...nary a soul would have been the wiser to the similarities of the case and script.

Hmph. Our witness here had also discovered the body. In fact, she was led to our dearly departed professor by the accused herself.
Precisely. And with the discovery of the body, the mock trial ought to have been canceled.
Hmph. I made her pay long and hard penance for her sin. Did I not, my little box top?
Enough jabbering. Witness! Continue your testimony!
Now, now, no need to ruffle your own feathers so. When you squeak like a little brat, it agitates Taka. Do you want him to peck your eyes out?
You listen here. The witness has a perfectly good alibi.
The proverbial rug has been pulled from under you. The witness could not be the killer.
Well, there ends the cross-examination. Let's allow the witness to step down.
The defense has no right to cross-examine the witness after that little spectacle. For whatever a man is sowing, this he will also reap.
What the devil?!
Justice-dono! You dare bare steel at me again?!
...Why did you not tell me of this?

Hmph. A completely irrelevant point. What IS relevant here is... ...there was someone who did try to lead the witness to the body. Take a gander at this -- the route by which the accused escaped. The witness pursued the accused this way, after she fled the dressing room. The accused descended to the first floor and exited to the quad. Then what, Carton Cretin?
Recall that the body was already there, for Hugh O'Conner had already seen it. She was trying to show someone the body because she wanted to stop the mock trial!
Hmph! It seems Justice-dono has saved your pretty little hide, missy. ...For now, at least.
Incidentally, my compliments to the witness for her very fine box.
Tell another lie or hide another fact from me... ...and I shall put it to the torch!
The accused had employed her self-penned script as a manual for murder. Ergo, she had to stop the mock trial before the script's details became public. And that accounts for her desperate attempt to lead our carton cretin here to the body.

The issue here is not whether it was, in fact, halted. The fact remains that the accused was trying to lead the witness to the body. Does that not show clear intent to halt the mock trial?

Now, I would have you stop right there, Cykes-dono. For it is the why of the matter upon which I would have this court focus.
Ms. Juniper Woods!
What were you doing on the morning of the mock trial?
Yes, yes, so you applied that to the inside of the costume. And then?
This is a photograph of the inside-out costume taken in the dark. As you can see, there is a heavy layer of paint over the entire inside surface. If someone were to properly don this costume in this state... ...the wet paint would get all over their body.
Indeed. Ergo, the costume was worn the way it was, not by anyone's mistake... ...but because this was the way it was on the mannequin -- inside out!

I believe the term to describe your thought process is wishful thinking. After all, if master painters make mistakes, why not a rank amateur such as the accused?
............A showdown, is it? I gladly accept!
.........
.........
...Interesting.
Hmph. Very well, Robin Newman it is! He is here in the gallery, I trust? Show yourself! I challenge you to a duel!
You are now truly Justice-dono's equal in one area. You are just as equally insane! Never in the history of this planet has there been a finer specimen of the masculine spirit.
Gnnnaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! .........S-Surely this must be some kind of jest?
Aaaaaaagh!

Not so hasty, now. You're forgetting that only one person here was privy to the script. Ergo, Ms. Juniper Woods is still the prime suspect!

Hmph! Suspicious is as suspicious does. Undoubtedly, the witness does have some sort of connection to this crime. Perhaps our newfound lady is merely feigning ignorance. We can surmise that she lent support to the principal offender, Juniper Woods. By leading Ms. Scuttlebutt to the body, that would make her an accessory to the crime.

...B-Birdman...? In any event, with the witness as an accessory, it explains quite a bit, does it not?
.........
.........
...What the devil?
...Hmph!

Bully for you, missy. But don't think this spells victory.
The battle is still young. And my blade is now fully drawn. Between it and my next witness, your life will be forfeit. So, put away your wooden sword... ...and show me what you are truly capable of if you wish to live!
How juvenile. It is not a matter of what you want, for you WILL cooperate, Hugh O'Conner.
You will recall that they day before the mock trial -- in short, the day of the murder... ...the accused testified that she left for home at around 6:00 PM.

Yet, that was but a felicitous lie. Or am I mistaken, Golden Boy?
Hold! I am not through with you yet.
Leave, and we just might discuss you-know-what.
That is quite enough. Well done, Golden Boy.
The final bell rings at 7:00 PM, at which point, the campus is a desolate place. Now, you will recall the tape recorder. We know the time of the voice recording. It was 7:10 PM, the day before the mock trial. That was the dark hour of this heinous crime.
As its final bell, this school plays a special broadcast when the clock strikes seven. The female voice on the tape appears ten minutes after that broadcast. The killer waited until the school was empty to spring her devious and deadly trap.
Indeed. It was five minutes after the voice was captured on tape in the art room. Ergo, we know that the accused was still in the main building, even after the killing.
Hmph. It seems miss fancy-pants lawyer is smitten with the witness.

Hmph. Must we go through this yet again? I suppose you also have no evidence, as usual.
If it will save me some trouble, then by all means, speak away.
Hmph, impressive. Golden Boy here does shine gold, indeed. Care to take the reins? You're more than capable of prosecuting this case.
What a pity. To think such genius is to be wasted on mere lawyering. At last, your moment is here, Cykes-dono. Time to refute Golden Boy's statement... ...and prove that you're the young prodigy worthy of the badge on your lapel!
Well, now. Finally seen the light, have we?

Are you mad? The voice on the recording says, "You're a goner!" That is something a murderer shouts at their victim, not the other way around.
Oh? Then can I take it you won't be changing your argument? Still, it stands that it's a bit odd for the victim to be the one yelling, "You're a goner!"
As has been mentioned countless times, the voice in the recording is female. How the devil do you reckon it belongs to the witness?

Hmph. I had thought that testimony would suffice, but it seems it has come to this. I will not allow such fallacious quibbles to upend this case. The prosecution has one final piece of evidence to present to the court.
Feast your eyes on this photo, and let me see that insolent look vanish from within them.
The photograph shows professor and student preparing for the mock trial together.
Indeed it was. But the revelations do not end there. Do you see the clock on the wall? It reads 7:05, a mere five minutes before the voice was recorded on the tape.
The accused brutally stabbed the victim to death five minutes after this photo was taken.
Hmph. Understand now? You can believe in your client all wish, but try as you might... ...such misplaced faith will inevitably be cut down before the cruel, steely blade of truth.
...Listen, missy. The person you'd like to save more than anyone else in the world? I'd be willing to wager that your defense isn't what they desire.
You still fail to understand? After so much pain and defeat? The courts are not the play yards of little children dressed as lawyers. So before you break your back in failure... ...run along home and grow up!
.........Hmph. I see right through your cheap ploy. School rules state that a prior conviction terminates one's eligibility to graduate. A guilty verdict here would make whatever dreams one had go up in a puff of smoke.
Even meek little mice will fight when cornered. A pitiful spectacle, I might add. These vermin are trying to protect each other now that they've nowhere else to run.
Enough of this nonsense! This is a court of law, not the set of some high-school drama!
Hoy! Wait, Your Baldness!
Hmph. Fine. Do as you wish!
Hold! I am not through with you yet.
Leave, and we just might discuss you-know-what.
.........
Your Baldness, Robin Newman and Hugh O'Conner have recanted their confessions. But later, I shall grill them at leisure to find whether I can charge them with perjury.
A pity, but that evidence is no longer relevant to this case. The art room clock runs fast. It cannot function as an accurate measure of time. As for the bungling detective who overlooked that, he is paying for his failure as we speak.
The accused is the sole person who could have moved the body from art room to stage. And I mean to prove it here this day.
My understanding of this heinous crime is thus. The murder took place near the center of the art room, as evidenced by the bloodstain. Blood was also found on some pottery next to the window over the maintenance area. Which is to say the body was carried over to that very window. From there, it was dropped down to the maintenance area below. And though there was nary a scratch to the body aside from the fatal wound... ...that, too, was per the script. A high jump mat was employed to cushion the

Your propensity to spew forth words before you think is not very clever, either.
Moreover, the prosecution has a witness, which is most unfortunate for you. Witness! It's time for you to come forth!
To protect the students who had to climb up high when setting up the stage... ...a mat was brought over to the stage from the storehouse.

Oh, there is plenty wrong. There is but one mat in the entire school that could cushion a fall from such lofty heights. Ergo, the mat in question was indispensable to moving the body!
Eager to unsheathe your blade, Cykes-dono? Your heavy breath heaves to where I stand.

That is where you are wrong. There is but one mat in the entire school that could cushion a three-storey fall. Hence, the mat dragged by the accused was essential to moving the body.

Such wild momentum. Perhaps you were a raging bull in your past life.
Hmph. Hoy, Justice-dono!
Precisely. Therefore, there is naught wrong with witness's judgment in this matter. It is your wild charges that are the issue here. But I cannot help it if you keep seeing red.

Hmph. Are you mad or merely delusional? Everyone was in the Lecture Hall before the mock trial. The rest of the campus was empty. Ergo, the only probable suspects were the three trial participants.

All right, Golden Boy, is this not your chance? Telling the truth will be like a weight lifted from your chest.
The fact that Golden Boy here was where he initially stated. That is to say, he was between the maintenance area and the stage.

On the ground, yes, his view would have been blocked, indeed. But consider how smoke always wants to rise up high.
...Hmph. I recall making no such promise. It was you who came blubbering to me about keeping quiet in exchange for information.
Golden Boy did not go up in that crane for fun. ...He was working part time as a crane operator within school grounds.
How very interesting. Let's ascertain whether this is as ridiculous as the witness maintains.

...Hmph. It may be true, but what relation does it bear to the case at hand?
Hmph. You are a disgrace of a man. Now start unbuttoning that collar before I hack it off!
.........Hmph.

Let us dispense with this inane charade, Golden Boy.
High school seniors are nineteen at most, thus, they fail to complete the requirements. But that does not apply to you, does it, Mr. O'Conner?
Actually, Golden Boy here is twenty-five. He took a seven-year break from school.
Take a gander at the official school enrollment documentation. 'Tis all right there.
Enough of this jibber-jabber. Suffice to say, the witness was up in the crane when he saw the accused dragging the mat. The accused readied all she needed to move the body immediately prior to doing so. That much is clear. I see no need to deliberate the matter any further.
Interesting...
Then why, pray tell, is it still in the exact same spot it always was?
.........

...Hmph. Well, Golden Boy? Care to chime in? I intend to say no more on the matter, save that this does not bode well for you.
I have already verified this with the hospital of treatment. Quite a nasty wound, they say.
Two hands are required to operate complex machinery such as a crane. Ergo, on the day of the mock trial, the witness was incapable of moving the body by crane!
Now that the defense's sophistry is laid bare, I would have the court recall my claim.
Well done, Your Baldness. Now consider this! The accused was sighted dragging that mat. Ergo, it was she who moved the body!
If you do not, it is time for the verdict. Isn't that correct, Your Baldness?
There is a sword of great renown that cuts down sophistic lawyers. Its name is Evidence.
Might I propose an idea? It might do you well to tie your lips together, lest you further expose your ignorance.

Spare me your armchair theories. This wasn't some kind of high-wire act. The body surely would have fallen, yet there are no signs of blunt force trauma!

...Hmph. I've no patience for you and your cheap parlor tricks. Your claim is as shaky as a corpse performing that absurd high-wire act.
I trust you recall the bloodstains left on the art room pottery. If the wire had been used to move the body... ...it would have to ben via the window above the quad -- the one with the winch. However, the bloodstained pottery was next to the window above the maintenance area. Ergo, the wire and banner had naught at all to do with this case.

But the police have clearly identified it as blood.
Shame on you, Cykes-dono. Have a little more respect for the constabulary. ...Fool Bright.
Spare me your cheek. We will know not either way till the tests are run.
Your Baldness. I demand that the blood on the pottery be analyzed this instant!
............Nngh. It seems the blood was not from the victim.
Furthermore, a comparison with other parties involved with this case reveals... ...that the blood belongs to one Hugh O'Conner.

There is but one way now to turn aside her blade. But do not cast the blame on me. Your grudge is with Cykes-dono, for it is she who forces me to expose your secret.
The court will observe this odd-looking envelope. It was inside this that Myriam Scuttlebutt's script was found.
Circumstances have changed. You see, Golden Boy had hidden this from us all.
Indeed. You can clearly see that if this envelope is not opened correctly... ...a powerful spring-loaded blade will shoot forth, leaving a horrible gash upon the hand. The only one who had been told of the correct way to open it was Constance Courte.
The blood on the blade is the witness's. Our genius here tried to sneak a peek at the wrong script and paid for his foolishness!

Interesting... How very interesting. But may I ask just one question? When was it that you heard said sound?
Precisely. If that sound you heard did happen while the body was being moved... ...that would place it during the mock trial!

Both sides still lack incontrovertible evidence. So, should we not also treat Golden Boy's testimony with some level of suspicion?
I shall only say this once, Golden Boy. You had best tell the truth, and do it now. That is, if your head wish to enjoy the continued companionship of your body.
Now, out with it! Did you truly witness the body?!
You what?
...Indeed. That much I shall concede, Cykes-dono. The body was moved as you stated, and in the midst of the mock trial.
Hmph. If the body was moved before the mock trial, we have our three suspects... ...but if the move took place in the midst of the mock trial, it is an entirely different story.

...Hmph. How simplistic. Did you forget about the student in charge of the audio? Amidst the mock trial, she was the one soul who could leave and reenter the Lecture Hall.
Indeed. The one who could enter the art room amidst the mock trial to move the body... ...was none other than the accused, Juniper Woods, for she was in charge of the audio!
Hmph. Your Baldness, it is time to put an end to this farce.

Enough! The only thing maddening is the ignominy you bare for all to see. For it is impossible for you to have been the perpetrator behind this crime.
There is no perfect crime, only a perfect alibi, for you were at the mock trial. And it is silly that I must remind you of this, but you were a participant the entire time. There shall be no mercy if you persist in hindering this trial with your silly little act!
Your Baldness, summon an ambulance this instance [sic]. The witness is stark, raving mad.
The confession was naught but lies, save for the part about being in the mock trial. Can we all agree now that the killer is the one in charge of the audio, i.e. the accused?!

Cykes-dono. How much longer will you indulge him in this charade? While it's true that none in the audience might see him go through either of those doors... ...the faculty seats on the balconies are a different story, and have a splendid view!
Hmph. You do no one any favor by exposing the falsities of his confession.
...Hmph. I thought you'd never ask. With you gone, we may swiftly proceed to a verdict. Hrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgh! ............Yah!!!
Hugh O'Conner, in deference to your valor, I will limit your suffering with one clean blow.

Do not come between a samurai and his foe, Cykes-dono!
...Hmph. Very well, Golden Boy may live.. for now.
Hmph, a most roundabout trial. I much prefer the turnabout variety myself. Now we are back to the fact that there was but one suspect who lacked an alibi. Which is, in the end, the truth you've been seeking this entire time.
Further resistance is futile. The time for a verdict is nigh!
What sort of devilry are you up to now?

Need I remind you, every last soul in the Lecture Hall heard him deliver his speech?

Fine. Let us entertain your notion. How would it affect this trial?
Hmph.

Stop right there. Everyone in that room heard the speech that preceded the mock trial.
Hmph.

Hmph. The seat was never empty. 'Twas but an oversight by our dullard of a witness. An inmate who was formally [sic] a surgeon once told me something. He said it's often all too easy to overlooked [sic] critical symptoms!
Hmph! Do as you please!
...Hmph. Wake me up once this is over.
............Zzz.
Liste, Cykes-dono. If you have subjected me to this epic study in tedium without purpose... ...Taka will feast on your tongue after I've cut it out!
We had our answer long ago. The accused was the only one to leave the Lecture Hall.
Noise?
Hmph. And what do you hope to prove by that?

You seem rather confident considering this is a mere happenstance match of numbers.
...Hmph. You, no doubt, had high praise for her ruthless tactics.
Why so silent, Cykes-dono? Something the matter?
.........
.........
Get out? Very well, if that is your wish. Who am I to deny my homeroom teacher?
Uuuwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!
Hmph. Constabulary lapdog to teacher's pet. What a malleable mutt you are, Fool Bright.
...Hmph. Not interested. But if you want a class in swordsmanship, I'm your man. Of course, only real blades will do.
It would seem Cykes-dono seeks a showdown, Professor. In which case, you would do well to draw your staff, quick as lightning!
...Hmph. Unlike Miss Fancy Pants here, who lacks all lawyerly fundamentals.

A pity for you, but we have already confirmed it with the accused. She is on record as having seen both statues.
Cykes-dono, if I hear one word of your usual jibber-jabber, I shall have your head! The murder occurred in the art room, yet the witness was on the stage. How do you propose to fill the vast gap between these two key facts?
.........Continue, Cykes-dono.

That was a pathetic attempt. You must put every inch of your body into your attacks. The autopsy states the cause of death was loss of blood. Yet only a trace amount was found upon that banner. Where did the rest go? Blood getting on there when the body was moved by wire makes more sense than not.

Cykes-dono, you are learning to wield a blade quite well. But how will you respond when I come slashing at you like this? The remnant of a large bloodstain was detected in the art room. But why would there be blood there if the murder occurred on the stage as you claim?

...Hmph. Perhaps you are on to something. But why, pray tell, would anyone move that scrapheap relic in such a tedious manner?
If the victim was murdered on the stage and left there... ...the body would inevitably have been discovered. And, of course, there was nowhere to hide a body upon that stage.

Stop your bleating this instant. You look an utter fool.
There is one who awaits you, is there not? And that is the reason you have studied so very hard. Are you prepared to give up on all you have worked for thus far?! It would not do to have you disappoint you-know-who!
...Hmph! Now, this is getting interesting!

Fool! You shall ruin your hair. Lucky for you, no such glue residue was found on the victim.
.........
Golden light? All I see before me......... is the pink specter of a man!
It is as Cykes-dono suspected. Blood was detected on his staff. He has admitted to this heinous crime. All of it. He shall join us in the clink tomorrow. His teaching skills can be put to good use there.
...Hmph. I could barely make out a word he said on account of his shattered teeth.
I eventually had him put pen to paper. It turns out, Prof. Means was the one taking bribes. The victim has suspected him after a report from the class snitch. That led her to question him at length the day of the killing -- right there on that stage. The result? The heinous crime that was brought before this court. The fool, like Newman, had come to know of the script's contents via the victim's note. It seems he came up with a plan to stab the victim with her own awl in order to... ...make the
Yes, about that... Those planners are bestowed upon all students graduating at the top of their class.
Indeed. Once upon a time, Prof. Means was also awarded the same notebook. The handwriting is being analyzed now, but like as not, the scrap belonged to him. This too, was evidence of the bribery scheme that the victim had obtained. Know that Constance Courte was clean and that only Aristotle Means took the bribes.
Proudly serve Prof. Courte's memory. Do not let her death be in vain.
