............

............ ............... ...Not yet. I'm... not quite ready yet.
Ngh... Graaaaaaagh!
The prosecution... is now ready.

I'll do it.
This time, I can't leave it to anyone else.
It was just yesterday. The crimes in question occurred at the Cosmos Space Center.
Astronomy. It's astronomy. Anyway, a rocket was set to launch from there... ...but at 9:28 AM, before they could even move the rocket to the launch site... ...two explosive devices were detonated, and the launch was canceled.
The defendant in today's trial is charged with both the bombing and with murder... One Mr. Solomon Starbuck. For whatever inane reason, he detonated a bomb on the rocket he himself would be in.
Correct, Your Baldness. Mr. Starbuck was the pilot of the HAT-1 rocket seven years ago. As you may recall, despite some interstellar trouble, his mission was a success. Some say it was a miracle he returned alive. I suppose you could say he's a living legend.
Hmph. But even heroes tumble from their lofty heights. Returning to the subject at hand...
Indeed. A loyal disciple brutally stabbed to death by his mentor.
Correct. Despite his lofty dreams, the victim was seen as an interloper by the defendant. And so, he was sent not into space, but to the universe which we mortals cannot see.
Since you asked so nicely... It's your coffin.
............I jest. It's evidence. Due to its immense size, we've little choice but to lay it where it rests now. We shall get to the contents of the box in due time.
Enough jabbering.
Something so important to the victim he took it with him as he escaped the launch pad. A capsule that apparently contains asteroid samples. While obviously valuable for research purposes, it has no relation to this case.
Admirable decision, Justice-dono.
...Hmph. Fine. A simpleton for a simpleton. Fool Bright. The motive.
There were a multitude of problems with the rocket Mr. Starbuck rode seven years ago. Rumor has it, it threatened to crash a number of times as well. That was, of course, very traumatic for Mr. Starbuck.

The defendant couldn't bear to mar his good name, now could he? No, not after the media had branded him "Sol Starbuck: space pioneer extraordinaire." Given these conditions, the defendant could hardly run away like some base mutt.
Naturally. He constructed this act of sabotage in an attempt to blow up the Space Center... ...which would effectively abort the launch, but spare his reputation.

The notion of a third party in Launch Pad 1 is utterly absurd. Just to enter the area from the lounge... ...one must pass through a door guarded by a fingerprint recognition device. And allow me to state up front that there are precious few with the clearance to do so.
Not a chance. He was in the main building when the bombs exploded at 9:28... ...doing his job directing the launch. Besides having an alibi, he has no motive for committing these senseless acts.
The Space Center director... ...Yuri Cosmos... ...and Detective Candice Arme.
Hmph. Justice-dono, foolish is the warrior who rushes headlong into battle. Preparation is an essential element of battle, so I advise you to take a gander at this.
Footage from a security camera. As the two astronauts emerged from the bowels of the Launch Pad 1 Corridor... ... the boarding lounge security camera captured their desperate escape. Now, I would direct your attention to what the defendant is shouldering... ...which you can see, is none other than... the lifeless body of the victim.

Hmph. Perhaps that's what it looks like to a one-eyed hothead and a dotard... But it only makes sense if it's the victim's dead body.
...Fool Bright, explain it to Justice-dono.

Your assertion... is based on emotion. It's based in your belief that Mr. Starbuck would surely help his own disciple. But you have no logical explanation as to why the victim could still be alive.
Hmph. If it isn't the defense stalling for time, as always. ............Very well, I'm feeling generous. You may have a small measure of time.
You have......... five seconds.
After that, I declare this cross-examination to be closed, and a verdict to be rendered. Your Baldness! Raise your gavel high. It's time for a countdown!
Ready?
............
Fool Bright. Explain it for our sad friend here before I nod off to his monotone monologue. Inform him exactly why Space Boy moved the victim.
At the very least, he appears to have achieved success with you and the old man.
The average person wearing a space suit weighs easily over 200 pounds. Saving the life of a partner who weighs as much, while trying to escape deadly flames... What a dramatic sob story fit for the silver screen.
You see? Yet the true ending is that all traces of his hammy act were meant to be blown up. Yes, and now we arrive at the thrilling conclusion: the third explosion!

Indeed, you are correct. But that is thanks to Detective Arme. It was she who identified and secured the bomb. However, it doesn't change the fact that the third bomb was discovered in the lounge. The steel coffin beside the witness stand. That would be... a bomb transport case. We used that to transport the deactivated bomb here. It was found in the lounge... A bomb in the form of a most distasteful toy.
One on the second floor of the main building, one on the launch pad, and one in the lounge. The defendant planned to set off three firework displays. Fortunately, the third one was discovered before it could be detonated, for had it not... ...the victim's body and other vital evidence would surely have been immolated.
Before you utter a word, know that the evidence supports me.
As it is still undergoing forensic investigation, I do not have the evidence on hand. However, know that a peculiar item was found in one of Mr. Starbuck's pockets. Specifically, a bomb detonation switch...
I suspect the defendant had no time to destroy such damning evidence... ...when the Space Center director and Detective Arme stumbled across the murder. So he thought to hide it in his pocket... feeble-brained that he is.
Justice-dono, open your eyes and see the truth.
Still can't accept it? You'll believe in your client, come what may? ............Then why don't you cross-examine the defendant himself?
Now, let us hear from the arch villain, the fiendish murderer himself. Famed astronaut, Solomon Starbuck!

It's not the weight of the suit that you feel, but of your sins. Prepare to carry that weight for the rest of your life...
Hmph. What a depressing fellow. If you were to join me in the clink... ...I imagine that annoying sighing of yours would rub off on the other inmates.

If so, then you took a man who was alive and well... ...and silenced him permanently with this?
............I hope you're able to deliver a straight story this time.
Probably...?
Enough jabbering. Get on with your testimony.

Stop this nonsense or I will sever you AND your tin can telephone.
...Hmph. You know what you have to do with that statement, Justice-dono!
...It appears Space Boy is prone to deception. Witness!
I thought your story odd, but perhaps the inconsistencies can be explained as... ...the result of a medical side effect?
Hmph. Didn't I already state that Space Boy is, ironically, terrified of going into space? That's why he took some "precautions" just before the launch. For you see, traces of this anti-anxiety drug were found in his system.
Which brings us to the answer of our original question... ...of how the witness climbed down the ladder with a dead body.
A dead man feels no pain and makes no complaints, Justice-dono. So the body was simply dropped down from the top of the ladder.
So you are capable of quick thinking. ...Yes, you are correct.
It's the oxygen tank from the victim's spacesuit. It's ruptured, and I'm sure you can figure out why.
I am, for they fracture easily when struck.

A spacesuit isn't heavy for the sake of being heavy, Justice-dono. It includes the latest technological devices and is made of the fabric of tomorrow. The fabric is made to protect astronauts from the dangers of space... ...so falling a few Earth yards would hardly leave a mark on the wearer.
It should, and yet, through sheer coincidence... ...the knife slipped through a weak spot in the suit's structure and found its way to its target.
You forget that our killer is an astronaut himself with knowledge of how the suits work.
And now my argument has been proven. Space Boy killed the victim in the rocket and then dropped his body from the upper level. After climbing down, he shouldered the body and made sure the camera recorded them. There's no room for debate about these facts. It is clear that Solomon Starbuck is the only one who could have killed Clay Terran!
Here. The report regarding the astronauts' oxygen tanks. Consider it my send-off gift. Feel free to use it as payment to cross the river Styx.
...Space Boy.
Take heart. The bejeweled night sky is still beautiful even when viewed through bars.
That's right. Your cell will be your spaceship. Picture the view through the iron bars. It's like being an astronaut in your own craft for all time.
...Hmph. You're wasting your breath.
Balderdash.
Hmph. If you simpletons are done massaging one another's egos... No matter how positive your mood, my advantage remains unshakable. I have but to wait for the final guilty verdict. Isn't that right, Your Baldness?
Enough of this farce, Your Baldness! Let's have your verdict!
Of course.
You will explain what you mean, Justice-dono.

Hmph. I, too, find it odd that the oxygen remaining has increased. It would be as odd as if my rations were to increase. But what does that prove? It doesn't change the fact that it is the defendant carrying the victim's corpse!

In that case, do you have an answer to this riddle of the mysteriously increasing oxygen? You'd better not disappoint, or I'll declare the inconsistency as mere equipment malfunction.
I don't think the problem is with the tanks, but with your eyes, Justice-dono. It's written in the report that the tanks were functioning properly.

Hmph. How short your memory is. Have you forgotten what you yourself proposed? Even if the victim was alive at this point in time... ...how did he descend the ladder with his arms full?!
Excuse me?
GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWR!

Headless chickens with a death wish, the lot of you! Calm yourselves afore all else!
Your gall knows no bounds. It's shocking, really.
You stand there, brazenly objecting to perfectly factual statements... One does not see such shameless behavior that often.
...Hmph. I object to you on personal grounds. The sole contradiction lies in what your faulty logic dreamt up just now.
...........................Your Baldness.
What do you make of this objection of his?
I've no patience for vagaries. Now, answer my question.
Bravo. Nicely done.
The Space Center director... ...Yuri Cosmos... and Detective Candice Arme.
The notion of a third party in Launch Pad 1 is utterly absurd. Just to enter the area from the lounge... ...one must pass through a door guarded by a fingerprint recognition device. And allow me to state up front that there are precious few with the clearance to do so.

............ ............... ...Not yet. I'm... not quite ready yet.
Ngh... Graaaaaaagh!
............
And?
Upon further investigation, we discovered an oxygen tank fragment in the lounge. Surprisingly, it would appear that Justice-dono's argument was correct.
That accursed fellow! He killed my witness! He killed Detective Arme!
Exactly. In other words, the question of "who killed the victim in the boarding lounge"... ...has, once again, become the main focus of this trial.

Hmph. To make such reckless claims in a courtroom takes a bold man... or a stupid one. There was no third person in the boarding lounge. Or have you gone dotty already... old man?
Hmph. I see my sister has been running her mouth.
No matter. She didn't see this mystery person's face clearly. Therefore, there is no evidence to indicate that this person was not the defendant.
In brief, we need to determine if a third person was there or not. To this end, we should hear the testimony of one of the first people one the scene.
Everyone already knows how brilliant you are. Even I am trying to hold back my tears at seeing such a great man standing before me. So could you please proceed directly to your important testimony?
The defendant, no doubt, staring aghast at his deed. What other explanation is there?

When the witness entered the boarding lounge, there was no third person there. Isn't that correct, great Space Center Director?

...The reason the figure appeared to vanish is because it was the defendant. When the witnesses weren't looking, he fell to the floor and feigned unconsciousness.

All things are possible, Wright-dono... The real question is...do you have any proof?
If we're just talking "possibilities," we could each profess whatever we'd like. An inmate who used to be a university professor and lunar researcher used to say... ...that there is a kingdom of little green men who live under the surface of the moon.
But I say, where's your proof that this quaint kingdom exists?

Unfortunately for you, the witness's words are true. We confirmed that two shots were fired from Detective Arme's gun.
...You should know the answer to that already.
During the previous trial, a certain oxygen tank was presented as evidence. We've already discussed that it was ruptured in the lounge, have we not? Well, it appears that the thing that ruptured it was a bullet. A bullet that was found near the tank, to be precise. This bullet was fired from a .38-caliber gun, the same caliber as the detective's gun.
The rifling marks also match up. There's no question that the bullet was fired from Detective Arme's gun.
One of the bullets the detective fired found its way into the holographic image display. The other bullet came to a stop near the victim's oxygen tank. The evidence confirms the director's statement that the detective fired two shots.
Oh...?
You found it where?
What? You never breathed a word of any of this to me before...
.........Tsk. Foolish old geezer.

Double-edged swords are a tricky lot. Mishandle one and it is you who is cut down.
Your reasoning could apply if Space Boy were the killer as well. Think about it. After being discovered, he could have fired the .10-caliber gun. Detective Arme would've responded by firing two warning shots. All he had to do was feign unconsciousness to invent the possibility of a third person.

Recall the existence of a trash chute in the boarding lounge. The defendant could have simply thrown the gun down the chute.

It's up to you to prove that possibility. And I trust you haven't forgotten my little piece of decisive evidence?
Why, the detonator switch that was found in Mr. Starbuck's pocket, naturally. The most compelling evidence of all that tells us he is the culprit.
Look, Your Baldness, how deliciously obvious it is that they lack the evidence to rival mine.
I was wondering when you would realize it, Your Baldness. Director Cosmos is an authentic, bona fide ghost. He can even pass through walls.
...Hmph. Your Baldness, it was all in jest. Please show yourself again.
If it's about that "HAT-1 Miracle" again, you can sod off and tell it to a stray mutt.
...And so they shall. But first, your testimony. What happened next?

Don't tell me you've forgotten already? Didn't the witness himself just tell you? The bullet hit his medal. Of this... there is no mistake.
............Of course.
O great Director Cosmos...
You were in fact NOT in the Control Room to the east, were you? You were looking into the lounge from the door to the south, is that not right?
Use your own brain. Your head must have some use other than housing that bird's nest.
Director Cosmos and the detective witnessed the scene from the southern door. The killer fired at them there, and that is why the bullet was found in the south.
Also, the witness being at the southern door is rather favorable for the prosecution.
How about it, Director? If you don't tell the truth this time...
...you will become but rust upon my sword. I relish the chance to cut down a great man!
And now you have lost your possibility that a third person was in the room.
The director and the detective were near the southern door... ...meaning the killer couldn't have escaped through there. The western door required print recognition; the corridor beyond, was filled with smoke. The only escape route left was the eastern Control Room door............ ...And the only way to get through there was with Director Cosmos's fingerprints.
In short, there would be no escape for any "third person" had there been one!
You were covering for the defendant... isn't that right?
Hmph. It's over.
............Hmph. And just how did that person escape from the scene of the crime?
What?!
Cosmos! You have told a lie in this court once again!
While he was twirling, I took the liberty of running an analysis on the mark on the medal. It was made by a .38-caliber bullet, matching it with the size of Detective Arme's firearm.
So the great pioneer of space development is revealed to be just another fabulist cur. I only have one question for the likes of you: shall I send you off quickly or very quickly?
What a troublesome old man you are, with such convoluted deeds and thoughts...
...The director is not fibbing to the court, for once. I confirm that he has an alibi for the time specified.

Hmph. A riddle of the ages, indeed. But I'd rather know... ...how a fibbing leech such as you can be lauded as great.
Simple. Because it was Space Boy himself. When he was spotted by the director and Aura, he quickly feigned unconsciousness. That would certainly take all the mystery out of the idea of a vanished culprit.
Hmph. I'm prepared to accept your surrender, Wright-dono.
That person's fingerprints were not found on the device. You sounded so sure, only to produce this nonsense. What were you thinking?
............
I hope you didn't strain your faculties too much for that, Your Baldness.
Look, if we play the security footage beyond this point...
The camera was running on backup power, but apparently the power cables were damaged. Most likely by the aftereffects of the explosion. There is no footage after this -- be it of criminals or space aliens...
Hmph. Just because your grandchild is watching from the gallery... ...it doesn't mean you should try to show off too much... Grandpa Baldness.

............You? A man of integrity? Don't make me laugh.
You've spouted nothing but falsities since you stepped up to the stand. You're not the kind of man that will be glorified in the annals of history. Not for greatness, anyway............ Unless you consider "greatest barefaced liar" an honor.
You moved Launch Pad 1 AFTER the explosions? My, how naïve you are. You fail to realize how even the facts themselves have betrayed you.
And here's a thought for you. Immediately following the bombing... ...Launch Pad 1 was on the Boarding Lounge 1 side. The police confirmed this on scene.
Curse my judgment for calling history's greatest liar to the witness stand. Let us leave him to indulge in his lies and war games to his heart's content.
You're "sure" it "must've" went somewhere? We "just might" find out? Your arguments are nothing but conjecture, bluffing, and wishful thinking. Stop chasing your fantasies, and see reality for what it really is. Or are you not man enough to, boy?!
...What are you blathering about?
............Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaangh...
It pains me to have to explain how wrong your own logic is to you, however... ...our great liar turned the knob only after he discovered the crime scene. Indeed, the pad existed beyond the lounge when our astro-wonders made their escape. A fact that has been recorded for posterity on filmless film.
So, to reiterate... Stop chasing your fantasies, and see reality for what it really is, boy.
Cut the existential bull or I'll cut you.
............Hmph. Wright-dono, need I remind you there was an explosion? And that the corridor between the launch pad and the lounge was thick with smoke? If the killer had been trapped in there, they would've been found as dead as their victim.
............Hmph. And how do you propose THAT was switched with the launch pad?
I don't.
Launch Pad 1 was switched with... the Space Museum?
BALDERDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASH!
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!
Wright-dono, I see you know how to handle a sword, and handle it well. Perhaps I should call you Swordmaster Bluff?

But unless you can prove your theory, it's no better than a rusty sword.
............And if this is just another bluff?
Wh-What?!
GAAAAAAAAAGH!

............Hmph. You're not going into space, Starbuck, but prison. I won't have it any other way.
Yes, I accept that the launch pads really were switched... And if there were a third person at the scene, I suppose they could have escaped... But I have yet to see proof of this third person's escape via the Space Museum.
Starbuck! You will spill everything you know!
Where did you get those bombs?! Tell me now! If you don't... my blade shall feast on your blood!
Solomon Starbuck! ............Prepare yourself! NNN-GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Ngh. That annoyingly cheerful laugh... It can be none other than............
............Fool Bright. I always thought you were a bit touched in the head, but have you finally succumbed?
What evidence?
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!

Ah, but the defendant had free reign of the area until Director Cosmos appeared. Could he not have dropped the lighter in the Space Museum during that span of time?
Ngrh!
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!
N-No... There must be some mistake...

............Fool Bright. You promised never to speak of that.

............It simply isn't possible... Something's wrong...
Fool Bright! What were the results of the fingerprint analysis for the lighter!
Y-You have yet to read it?
............ "Upon thorough analysis, the fingerprints... ............ ...were found to belong to Athena Cykes." So says the report.
I hope you don't think waving your finger about aimlessly... ...is going to help you win this trial!
Certainly, Your Baldness. The defense's bone-headedness. There is nothing untoward about that evidence, no matter how he blusters.
