I don't have anything to say, Aura. Why don't you go home and play with your dolls?
We have company, Aura. Please try to calm down.
Wright-dono. It looks like Fool Bright saved your case in court this morning.
But, as a result, Cykes-dono was arrested. Was that the just thing to do, too?
I wouldn't take things so lightly, if I were you, Wright-dono!
You villain! Where did you hear about that?!
............
Guard! The guest is leaving!
............Hmph. I suppose I could talk. The one who killed my mentor was, without question, me. I stole Cykes-dono's mother away from her. I destroyed her life!
Guard! Where are you? Stop dragging your feet, I tell you!
...How can you call yourself a lawyer if you can't even protect your own subordinate?
Your mind must be as dense as the hair on your head. Do you really think it will be so easy?
............
............
I don't have anything to say, Aura. Why don't you go home and play with your dolls?

...Hmph. This is quite the farce you are conducting here. I could die from laughter.
What I'm talking about is that your argument is based on an entirely false premise.
............Seven years. For seven long years... ...this case has been on my mind. Not for an instant did I not think of it. I'm the one who killed my mentor, and don't think you can alter that fact now. Your Baldness, I will take to the stand, and I won't take no for an answer!
I went to the Cosmos Space Center with the intention of killing Dr. Cykes!

I don't need any of your "other words," old man. I can guess what happened.
"She fell" means "she fell." Merely that. A mother and child fooling around... Perhaps she tripped. Not that it matters. When I entered the lab, there was no trace of Dr. Cykes to be seen. There was no dead body either, of course, meaning she must have left the room.
Hmph. You should hardly take stock in the words of a windup toy.
Athena was always tinkering with robots on the operating table to amuse herself. And she always had Ponco move the heavy ones for her. That day was no different. Ponco moved a heavy robot for Athena.

You expect too much from me. I'm just a murderer, beyond redemption. Why don't you just let me go so I can settle down into Hell?
That's right. So let's hear your verdict. If we don't hurry, I might miss the ferry across the Styx.
Forgive me, Aura. I never wanted you to do anything like this for me. But you agreed to this trial. If you have a counterargument, then present your evidence. That's the rule of the courtroom. Isn't that right, Chief Prosecutor?

Cykes-dono...! No need for you to chime in here. Just accept that you're innocent!
What are you talking about...?
............Hmph. Fine, but your efforts will surely be in vain. For I am not a man who can be cut down easily.
I went to the Cosmos Space Center with the intention of killing Dr. Cykes.
But when I got to the robotics lab, I found Athena there instead.
I would not be swayed from my purpose, so I waited for Dr. Cykes to return.
And then, I committed the act. Ah, how cathartic it was!
Simple. When I was looking for Athena, and hadn't found her yet, I grew worried. So when I saw her in the robotics lab, I was happily relieved. Merely that.
I had no intention of harming Athena, so I wanted to confirm that she was safe first. It was just a part of my plan. Nothing contradictory about that.
I went to the Cosmos Space Center with the intention of killing Dr. Cykes.
When I found Athena in the robotics lab, I was relieved.
But I would not be swayed from my purpose, so I waited for Dr. Cykes to return.
And when she did, I plunged the katana in!
What?
Hmph. Such an obvious attack. Yes, I felt sadness, but it wasn't for her. I felt sorrow for Athena and her circumstances.
My objective was to save Athena... ...from an obsessive scientist who treated her own daughter like a research subject.
I went to the psychology lab first. That's where I would usually find Athena playing. But that day was different. I heard someone crying in the robotics lab next door. "Was Athena being subjected to yet another experiment?" I thought as I went to see. Conveniently, Athena had cried herself to sleep, so all I had to do was wait and kill.
...Hmph. There are no flaws in my testimony, and His Baldness is prepared to give his verdict. Give up on this lost cause, and let the law free me of these chains already.
I heard crying from next door. Of course I was worried.
I hurried over and opened the door to the robotics lab.
But before I could lead Athena out of there, curse my luck, Dr. Cykes came in!
I refused to hand Athena over, so I had no choice but to kill my mentor!
I heard crying from next door. Of course I was worried.
I hurried over and opened the door to the robotics lab.
But before I could lead Athena out of there, curse my luck, Dr. Cykes came in!
I refused to hand Athena over, so I had no choice but to kill my mentor!
Tsk! ...All right, fine. I'll explain, if I must. What surprised me was... Ponco. That toy figure attacked me. Dr. Cykes knew full well of my plan to rescue Athena. But she couldn't stand guard over her daughter twenty-four hours a day...
That's right. She ordered Ponco to forcibly remove me on sight. So I slashed Ponco up with the katana that was there in the lab. Hmph... That rickety old puppet wasn't worthy of that fine blade...
With a feeling of dread, I opened the robotics lab door. Just then...
...Ponco attacked me! I retaliated by cutting it into pieces.
But before I could lead Athena out of there, curse my luck, Dr. Cykes came in!
I refused to hand Athena over, so I had no choice but to kill my mentor!
...Hmph. And what's YOUR opinion, Chief Prosecutor?
With a feeling of dread, I opened the robotics lab door. Just then...
...Ponco attacked me! I retaliated by cutting it into pieces.
But before I could lead Athena out of there, curse my luck, Dr. Cykes came in!
I refused to hand Athena over, so I had no choice but to kill my mentor!
How many more times must I see that which damned me for my sin?
............Ngh!
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!
...YOU...! You have NO idea what you're doing...!
Phoenix Wright...! You will pay for this! Never have I been forced to reveal so much, but the rest I'll take to my grave!
Following the sound of crying, I opened the lab door. And then...
I saw it! That terrible scene!
But before I could lead Athena out of there, curse my luck, Dr. Cykes came in!
I had no choice but to kill my mentor!
Nnngh... You should know better. And though it's pathetic... I admit I'm terrified to speak of it.
Athena is innocent, huh? Can you honestly say you believe that to be true, Wright-dono?
C-Curse you, Phoenix Wright!
...That's what I saw. And now you have it -- the truth that you so desperately wanted.

It's true that Athena didn't like her mother's research, but... ...you dare cast aspersions on my mentor by claiming Athena was used in such a manner?! Dr. Cykes could be awkward with people, but she loved her daughter with all her heart!
Your mother hated to see you suffer because you could hear the voices of people's hearts. She wanted to set you free of your pain, so she worked tirelessly on her research. Do you remember those headphones you hated so much?
No, Athena, it's just the opposite. They emitted sound waves to nullify emotional input from the voices of people around you. Your power was much stronger then than it is now. And those headphones were what enabled you to carry on with everyday life.
Her love for you was real. That, I can guarantee. That's why I knew... ...that what happened had to be some kind of mistake. I couldn't let you be punished for it!
Ponco was a witness, so I put it in the case, held Athena close, and vacated the lab. I threw Ponco away in the boarding lounge trash chute... ...and I hid the case on the Space Center grounds.
Hmph. How unlike you, Aura. Metis was deeply passionate about her work, and she chose you as her partner. Isn't that--
Aura, there is something I've wanted to say, if you will lend me an ear. I have in my possesion, a lead on who Metis's murderer is.
Wright-dono, you asked me about the identity of "the phantom of seven years past."
Seven years ago, somebody hatched a plan to sabotage the HAT-1 rocket.
But he was no ordinary spy. We knew naught about him -- his background, appearance... We came to refer to him as "the phantom." At the time, I was working with the police to hunt him down. And then one day, a miracle occurred, and I obtained a lead on him.
A recording of the phantom's voice. But the quality was too poor for proper analysis. Yet, I had hope. Aura's co-worker was a scientist who could analyze human emotions... ...so I asked her to evaluate the recording using analytical psychology.
Yes. A spy's greatest fear is to have his true identity discovered. In addition to HAT-1, Dr. Cykes's results and the recording were surely among his targets. But his search of the Space Center bore no fruit, so he must have started to panic.
Hmph. Who is to say?
Oh, I have my ways. What's more, my partner is especially talented at that sort of thing. I worked to lure the phantom in by spreading rumors throughout the underworld. I was even granted permission to prosecute cases to attract the phantom's attention. "Just TRY to retrieve your identity, you bloody butcher!" became my taunt.
Here. You can see for yourself. But take good care of it. It's all I have left of my mentor.
A spy who experiences no emotions -- not sadness, nor anger... and naturally, no fear. He is the very definition of a phantom: a monster with no heart. Don't you see? This CREATURE is the rot that destroyed our lives, and set what ails us all into motion!
Hmph............
...Aura.
Hmph. I never imagined you would go that far... though you always were extreme. But I don't recall ever requesting your help.
...Hmph. You know me all too well.
............But I truly was about to be executed tomorrow. Though, because of you, it looks like I won't be crossing the Styx just yet. ............You have my heartfelt thanks, Aura. I'm sorry I caused you so much anguish.
Aura...
Right. And murdered my mentor, which brought great distress upon little Athena. ......Chief Prosecutor.
I would ask a favor. Would you allow me to stand at the prosecutor's bench for this trial? I wish to claim the phantom's head by my own hand.
............Sir...
I'm much obliged... ...The day to part with these has come at last. Chief Prosecutor... could you?
............ ............How long have I waited. Maybe it's the sense of freedom, but even the air seems fresher, the light, brighter... And I will relish slashing that blackguard Fulbright to shreds without mercy.
The prosecution has never been more ready.
............Fool Bright, if you wish to dispel our suspicions, then let's get to your testimony.
We don't have proof. You are correct about that. However, you don't have any proof for your claim, either.

Enough of your rubbish, Fool Bright. If you have even an ounce of justice, then you will answer the court's questions and prove it!
If you harbor any suspicions, I suggest you ask Fool Bright, Wright-dono. Especially about that lighter...

Wright-dono, you'd sooner nick yourself than him like that. Put some more muscle into it.
...Hmph. It appears you've planted a flower that bears no fruit.
Justice-dono, are you to use that cheat of yours again?
Hmph. Very well. Whether I like it or not, I suppose we should use whatever works right now. Go on, then.

Hmph! Be still and do as you're told, Fool Bright. If you have nothing to hide, you shouldn't mind them having a look-see, should you?
............There's no question, it seems. What you have there is a gun.
...Evidence is everything in court. Therefore, Fool Bright's claims... stand firm.

Your Honor, I lend my voice to the defense's request. You must allow the test to be re-run.
Ah, I see. Come to think of it... ...wasn't it you, Fool Bright, who collected the victim's prints?
When you took the deceased's fingerprints... ...you could have easily planted his prints on the lighter with his blood. After which, you wiped the blood off of his hand.
Fool Bright! Are you really the phantom?
Answer me, or so help me I will slash you to tiny slivers where you stand!

It's all over. Now be a man and admit it already!
...A person who hides his identity and secretly investigates in order to uncover information. And that's what you really are, Fool Bright?
...Fool Bright, what was the phantom's ultimate objective?
............
............So, he sent a buzzard of his own to tail me this past year, did he?
...Enough, Fool Bright. Just tell us the phantom's true identity.
...With the ceiling blown off, I suppose you are vulnerable to a sniper's shot in this courtroom.
............I believe you. I don't think you're the phantom.

Evidence is everything, Wright-dono. And you must admit there's no clear evidence that Fool Bright is the phantom.
...I've known Fool Bright here for a year now. And all this time, he's been quite intent on rehabilitating me. I don't believe his efforts were a lie.
This fool truly thought he could reform a death-row inmate like me. He went so out of his way in his efforts for me, he actually became quite a nuisance, really.
However, even if it was against your will... ...you still acted as the phantom's accomplice. You will have to pay the price for that. Throw yourself at my mercy! And don't you ever betray me again! Have you got that?!
...Hmph. Fool Bright, I think you'd better have that counseling.
You've been making batty remarks ever since you were accused of being the phantom... ...such as, you're an undercover investigator, and your family has been taken hostage. ...I fear you might have finally lost it.

Ha ha ha ha ha! Oh, how you amuse me so!
I knew you would catch on, Athena.
Come now, Athena! Show us what's inside Fool Bright's heart!
Fancy device you have there, but I'll tolerate no cheating, thank you.
Like as not, it would appear our friend is not completely without emotion. It's just as it says in Dr. Cykes's profile of the phantom. The subject has a "unique psychological makeup with almost no emotional fluctuation."
Precisely. Which leads me to wonder why you can't sense any emotion from him at all. I believe it's most likely because he is controlling his emotions.
Hmph. A fear that a man with hardly any emotions feels, huh?
But the moon rock did indeed disappear from the laboratory...
...Enough, Fool Bright. Just tell us the phantom's true identity.
If his identity were revealed, he would be killed immediately... That's certainly enough to make even the phantom feel afraid.
Sure, you sound convincing enough. But so does any two-bit con artist. It's all meaningless in the absence of evidence.
Hmph. The phantom is like the mist. No flesh. No bones. My sword alone cannot cut it, Wright-dono...
With your deductive reasoning and the body of evidence before us... ...let us send this miserable phantom fellow to the other world together.
Indeed. By covering for Athena, I allowed the phantom to escape. And as a prosecutor, I gave birth to the people's mistrust with my murder conviction.
Then it is also our burden to cut away the foul specter we created, is it not? Until all that remains is the righteouness of the court and the faith of the people!
Ah, the infamous "Sword of the Beguiling Bluff." Its edge is without compare. Come now, ready it with me, and show us just how finely it cuts!
...Go on, Wright-dono.
A sad but true fact. We still haven't a grasp on how it was done... ...but the phantom made the moon rock vanish into the ether.
............Preposterous! It would mean... ...that for these past seven years, the moon rock was...!
I understand now... The phantom's original scheme was to sabotage the HAT-1 anyway. The villain! He used his primary objective to conveniently kill two birds with one stone!

Futher investigation? More like plotting your escape. But no more! I will bring you to justice myself if I must, here and now!
............
Then does this mean...?
Enough of your trickery. If you will not reveal yourself to us... ...then I shall do it for you!

Of course not. The real Starbuck was aboard the HAT-1, which was set to be destroyed.

How pathetic. You can't even speak without wearing another man's face.
............Or perhaps it is really the case that... ...you don't even know who you are anymore.
What must you see when you look in a mirror, Mr. Phantom? Not an awful lot, I'd wager.
A-At least put some weight behind your swing, Wright-dono...
With that, you are building your own coffin and passing down nothing but shame. Cease your blathering now before you find yourself inside it!
Hmph. A surprise to be sure. That's one bloody tough rock. Let us have the fragments tested straight away. Oh, and you'll be having a DNA test, too, "Fool Bright."
There was a rock fragment that had blood on it that appeared to be several years old. DNA testing revealed... ...Well, I'm sure you know full well what it revealed.
All this time...!
He's a lucky fellow. The bullet didn't hit any vital organs. He appears to be in no danger of dying.
The analysis of that final piece of evidence Wright-dono submitted is in. The composition of Ms. Cykes's earring and the fragment with the blood on it match. We can now be certain that it is a fragment of the moon rock in question. The murders and bombings at the Space Center, both past and present... ...the bombing of Courtroom No. 4, and all of his other crimes, as numerous as the stars... Under suspicion of all of these things, the spy known as the phantom has been incarcerated. The
...Athena. I'm forever in your debt. You went to all that trouble... even taking the bar exam while you were overseas...
............Yes, I survived by the skin of my teeth, thanks to you.
...It was never my intention to just throw my life away. But some things in this world are more important than your own life.
My honor-bound duty to protect with my life... ...my mentor's most beloved treasure.
In that case, allow me to join in the festivities. I would greatly welcome a bowl of noodles.
No, I am not employed here. I simply came to request their services in defense of my sister. But no one's around, and I've been kept waiting for a long time. ...And what sort of case brings you here? ...Oh? Your father was accused and you wish for Athena to defend him...? Hmph. Then perhaps... he and I shall meet in a courtroom in the near future.
...Hmph. And what's YOUR opinion, Chief Prosecutor?
You have the question wrong.
I believe you meant to say, "Don't you find my head to be a bit odd?"
If you choose to wave your sword at contradictions that don't exist... ...prepare to have the soundness of your mind brought into question, Wright-dono.
Don't be absurd.
In the art of the sword, you must slash your opponent before he draws his weapon. But in your case, you'd be struck down before you even touched your blade.
Hmph. That, I'd like to see. But in the meantime...
