Hmph............ Must we waste words on this?
...Surely you jest, Your Baldness. Did you not receive the memo? The defendant, Ora Shipley, is an orca at Shipshape Aquarium.
Hmph......... Direct your comments to the defense. He's the absurd fellow who insisted on defending the orca in court in the first place.
If we are to proceed, we must treat the orca as we would any other defendant. Every soul -- be it of man or beast -- is of equal value. The question is whether that soul is painted in black or white. Take Taka for example. He is as human in spirit as you or I.
I suppose I can hardly leave it to someone who knew nothing of the defendant... Very well. Listen carefully. The orca murdered the owner of Shipshape Aquarium in the aquarium's orca pool. The orca apparently toyed with the victim mercilessly as he died.
Inside this.
Hmph... Time marches on, Your Baldness -- with or without us. I borrowed this TV phone from the aquarium, which will allow us to interact with the orca.
We will be able to view the defendant in question on this large monitor. Fool Bright, prepare for transmission.
We will proceed with the defendant on telecast.
She is far from "cute." She is a violent, reckless animal.
But attack it did. Prepare yourself for the grisly details, Your Baldness. The prosecution moves to introduce our witness. ...Fool Bright.
............Well?
Enough jabbering. Tell the court what you saw, and keep it brief.
Now, deliver your judgment so I may carry out the sentence.
Hmph... Must you drag this out with your tomfoolery?
A fellow inmate told me just this morning... "If you want something signed, all you need is the document and a witness."
............ All we need in this case is the evidence and a witness to convict. It's as simple as that.
.........I shall relish the sight of you thrashing around in vain.
Hmph. Why waste energy on such tripe? There is but one attraction in Shipshape Aquarium that is worth anyone's time... ...and that is the penguins. Isn't that right, Taka, my friend?

The reason the defendant went mad is not the issue here. Only what she did once she entered that state.
Hmph. How fitting for a small fry to praise a big shot.

Hmph............ Just as I suspected. I knew you would peek at the footage behind Fool Bright's back.
But, unfortunately for you... ...the footage you saw was only one small part.
Yesterday, after I decided to take this case to trial, I re-reviewed all of the evidence. Taka, the evidence I gave to you for safekeeping.
And there is more... Look at this. This photograph was taken while the body was being examined.
I'll have the crime lab examine the bruise and calculate its relevance to the case at hand. What's important right now is evidence that points to the orca as the killer. Look at the left side of the body. See the orca's tooth marks in the victim's clothes?

You are much too impetuous, Wright-dono. Granted, the orca biting the victim was not the cause of death. The witness was mistaken about that.
Did I not say in the beginning, "The orca toyed with the victim mercilessly"?
After killing the victim, the defendant swam around with his dead body in her mouth. Just like any other predator toying with its prey!
I wouldn't be standing here if I couldn't prove whether the orca's heart was black or white.
The witness also observed the actual moment of the murder. Think back, Word Mistress. Think back to what you observed before the orca bit the victim.
Now, explain it in a way that even these simpletons can understand.
Recall that the autopsy report stated that there were bruises all over his body. Recall as well, how persistent the defendant can be when she's attacking her prey.

*sigh* Must I do everything around here?
There's no need for hysterics. Clear your mind and recall how you reached your conclusion. Though you couldn't see what the orca was attacking, you didn't need to, did you? Because you knew she was behaving exactly as she had only one year prior.
If you must know, a very similar incident occurred only last year, in which... ...the defendant murdered her trainer.
It's all in this book.
Last year, the defendant killed her trainer in the middle of a show. The orca head-butted and bit the victim.
Hmph... For an instant there, you were afraid of the orca, weren't you, Wright-dono. When you saw the photograph of the victim from a year ago, you turned paler than me.
It's obvious you have neither the guts nor the determination to defend the orca.
Hmph. And what do you know about orcas? Nothing, that's what. So, allow me to fill you in. Do you have any idea why orcas are also called "killer whales"? Because they are cunning and merciless predators that hunt and kill even true whales.
I can't bear to hear any more of such rubbish as "trusting a killer." Can you, Your Baldness?
............Dullard. You don't know when to give up, do you? Very well. I shall give you a chance to prove just how determined you are. Witness, spare no quarter and lay the full truth on them.
I shall have her testify about what she saw, and what she heard.
It would appear that orcas are even more vicious than I am. So, how does it feel to be thoroughly rammed by your own cross-examination, Wright-dono?
Do you see an injury anywhere on that individual?! And when exactly was this individual supposed to have entered the pool?!
What?! Then where is this alleged injury on the defendant?!
The orca's head? What are you prattling on about now?!

I thought you were unarmed, but it turns out you were concealing a sword all along. Nevertheless... it is far too dull to cut to the bone.
I grant that what the witness saw was not the victim's blood, but it proves nothing. After all, being rammed doesn't always result in a wound that bleeds, does it? Death from internal hemorrhaging is also a possibility.
If you wish to challenge me to a duel, you'll need a sharper blade than that, Wright-dono. I demand evidence that proves the witness did not see the moment of the murder!
No, we can be quite sure it's unrelated.
Hmph............ You are quite the gambling man, Wright-dono. Are you honestly willing to risk everything on those mere ten minutes?
............Fool Bright.
............
Hmph............ Well, Wright-dono? Those were the ten minutes you placed your bet on. Did you see anything of significance?
Hmph. Just as I thought.
And what is the problem you perceive if that particular object isn't in the footage?
............!
Hmph. But there is no one else who could have killed the victim.
Do you, now? I would be very interested in seeing this evidence.
Hmph. As they say, the bolder the presentation, the less confident the solicitor.
...Did you have the blood analyzed to see whose it is?
...Hmph. You waste your breath.

Overturn the defendant's accusation...? Hmph. I think not.
Yesterday, a new inmate was brought into the prison. He said, "The moment you relax is when you're most vulnerable."
...He is merely a sneaky thief who enjoys a spot of fishing now and again. But Wright-dono here would be easier to hook than any fish...
This is the coin bag the 300 coins were in. I believe you were looking for this?
I never said we didn't find it at the crime scene. The bag had blood on it, so naturally, I had it sent to the crime lab.
It does indeed, as does the blood on the coin.
The bag was open and the coins had all spilled out. But the bag alone wasn't proof enough to say that it was used as the murder weapon. ...However, thanks to the defense and their coin, I am more than satisfied that it was.
I shall concede that the victim was put into the pool after his death. However, even with the bag... ...it doesn't change the fact it was the orca that killed the victim!
You said that the true culprit manipulated Orla's behavior. But Orla isn't the kind of orca that would let someone control her. If anything, Orla used the victim's behavior against him to murder him!
Hmph... To prove it, I have summoned another witness. Marlon Rimes, take the stand!
...Well, don't just stand there. State your name.
I thought one witness would be quite enough to prove the defendant's guilt... ...but apparently Wright-dono won't be satisfied until every stone is turned.
Overturned crates and assorted props were scattered all over the pool room floor. There is no doubt that it was the orca that caused the mess.
Hmph. As I said, the orca is the only one that could've perform [sic] such a feat. The pool and its room were tidied the night before, including its various odds and ends. But when our rhyming marlin checked on the scene, over 400 pounds of props had fallen. To move it all in one go would challenge even the brawny prisoner in the cell next to mine.
So, how did 400 pounds of items fall all at once? I'll tell you how. The orca pulled on the cloth that was underneath them. A weight that would be all but impossible for a human to move... ...was child's play to an orca. During a friendly game of volleyball, the defendant made the crates fall... ...and the bag of coins that was among the items fell on the victim's head and killed him! The orca then toyed with the victim's body underwater, which is what Ms. DePlume saw.

Whether the orca was actually playing volleyball or not is not the issue. Traces of the orca's saliva were found on the cloth that was underneath the crates. The important point is that the orca is the only one that could have moved the items!
Hmph... Killed by gold coins. Ironic, isn't it? Perhaps the orca wanted to be paid for her labor, paid in coins raining from the skies.
We all deserve to be paid for our work, do we not? I shall have a fine meal tonight...
Hmph. Taka is good at flying straight at his target as well. And I see plenty of targets right here in this room.
Tell them what the defendant caused to happen.
I've never seen an orca play tug of war, myself. But the fact is, this one did. The traces of the orca's saliva found on the cloth prove it. How long do you plan to walk tightrope on those shaky theories of yours?
...Not to worry, Your Baldness. Taka will have them cleaned up in no time.
What's this? This is the first I'm hearing about any calendar!
You lied to ME?! This transgression will not go unpunished!
Hmph... Now it's the trainer's own words that drive the orca into a corner. How do you like being bitten by your own client, Wright-dono?!
What perfect timing. There was something I wanted to ask Ms. Buckler about the orca. The prosecution calls the trainer, Ms. Sasha Buckler, to the stand!
............Again, you waste your breath.
............"Nostache"...?
............The court is not a show. State your full name and occupation.
The orca manipulated the victim into playing volleyball and then knocked the items down. The witness will report about hearing the noise that caused the victim's death.
Hmph. I thought you were paying attention to the trial over the telecast... ...but you apparently know nothing of what we have been discussing. The orca knocked down the equipment by pulling on the cloth that was underneath it. No one said anything about the orca knocking it down with a ball!

Hmph. Unfortunately for you, she doesn't remember the order of what she heard.
As long as the order remains unclear, I shall not alter the prosecution's claims. After killing the victim with the bag of coins, the orca toyed with the body in the water.
Hmph. Taka would not be bested in a battle of wits.
Heh heh. And so your last cross-examination ends in failure as well. You should know that such a feeble slash will never hurt me. As I said... the orca made the equipment fall and then toyed with the body in the water.
...Hmm? And why, pray tell, is that?
Wh-What...?!

But it was the defense who claimed the bag of coins was the murder weapon to begin with!
Do you intend to abandon your original argument?
BUT THAT'S PREPOSTEROUS! ............Even still, your argument is lacking... If neither the orca's head-butting nor the bag of coins were the manner of death... ...then how do you propose the victim was killed?

............Autopsy report.

...But nothing like that was found at the crime scene, other than the bag of coins. So if it wasn't the coins, then what was the murder weapon?!
Ngh... And that's your answer...?
...Hmph. As you wish.
............
............
............ GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!
Ngh... And you couldn't be bothered to think of a less violent way to deliver it...?
Hmph............ I've been waiting for this.
............An updated autopsy report.
During the recess, I ordered the body to be re-examined. Something started nagging at me during the course of the trial, you see. ............Here.
Hmph............ I suppose I can't deny that.
............ ...Thank you, Wright-dono.
Hmph... The drained pool... Thanks to you, the truth is finally clear. Fool Bright............ Arrest this woman.
Come now. You must have had some idea in the back of your dull, little mind. The true culprit manipulated the orca in order to have false charges brought upon her. ...And who is the only one with the ability to accomplish that? It can only be the orca's trainer!

I don't need any of your baseless counterarguments... Have you forgotten? In order to enter the orca pool room, a security card is necessary. A security card that only the victim and Sasha Buckler possessed! Ms. Buckler is the only one who could have caused the victim to fall to his death!
............Fool Bright.
Ms. Buckler is the only one who entered the room, and she knows how to command Orla. Besides, I thought her suspicious from the very beginning.
The orca did tricks because someone commanded her to do so. Possibly someone with a heart so black as to make her own partner the murder weapon! The possibility the orca killed the victim... The possibility a human manipulated the orca... I looked into both.
Hmph... My gratitude to you. After all... ...you were the one who drew out that information about the lifesaver trick. The orca you saved was an unwitting victim. A victim made to look like the weapon that killed Jack Shipley.
It does indeed expose something... the defense's boneheadedness. There is nothing untoward about that evidence, no matter how you bluster.
I hope you don't think waving your finger about aimlessly... ...is going to help you win this trial!
............Just some business to attend to.
...No, not you. My business is with that animal keeper there. Marlon Rimes... You will be a witness for the prosecution tomorrow.
What you "want" does not matter. ...Now, come along.
............Hmph. How sad. The police have already investigated all there is to investigate. Your efforts are a waste of time.
Today, the orca. Tomorrow, Sasha Buckler. You intend to save them both? Hmph. You say you "believe" in your clients, but isn't money really your true motivation? Why not admit you're only doing this for your own benefit? I could understand that much more readily than your empty, righteous talk.
............Ready.
............Hmph. It did. We found a bloodstain from the victim at the bottom of the pool. ...On this.
............Very good. What a clever little deduction.
Right. Moving along. I have prepared a witness. Buckler was the only one who entered that room when there was no water in the pool. The witness will prove that. ............Come to the stand, witness.
............Name and occupation.
Hmph. Such a restless bird. Quite unlike Taka.
I was originally going to call the animal keeper to the stand... ...but he refused to testify, so I settled on the veterinarian. ............Now tell us. Why was the defendant in the orca pool room when the water was drained?
............Hmph. Only Buckler and the owner had the security card necessary to enter the orca pool room. And we already know from the security company's record of card usage... ...that the defendant was in the orca pool room during the time of cleaning. The witness's testimony and the record of security card usage are conclusive evidence.
Hmph... No days off, is that it? I can relate to that...
So, was the defendant cleaning alone?

If you don't stop your yammering, I will pull your tongue out and barbecue it.
Proof or none, the victim must have entered the pool room during cleaning. Witness, tell him why.
We talked about this just yesterday. What purpose does that brain of yours serve?

Witness, I will not allow birds to be belittled in my presence! Limit your disparaging comments to the defense alone!
That is fine. All I need is for you to talk about the state of the scene during cleaning.
...Your reaction to Taka was very different, as I recall...
Hmph... I was assigned to clean the shower stalls yesterday. They were cleaner than an Edo bathhouse by the time I was done.
I polished it so well, I bet the inmates are slipping and sliding all over right about now...
The defense loves to make a fuss over nothing.
What?!

Your blade is sharper than I thought, Wright-dono. But your cut was shallow--a mere surface scratch. There's a saying amongst prisoners. "Do not see, hear nor speak to smooth-talking lawyers." If you think the witness is suspicious, show your proof!
I suppose there's half a possibility the pool was only half filled... ...but if you wish to make that claim, let me see your proof!
Wright-dono... If you wish to claim the murder was at a different time of day, show me your proof!
What's this? You're sheathing your sword so soon? Stop yammering to each other and show me how you wield your sword!
Hmph. And...? How do you intend to prove the orca witnessed the murder...? What are you going to do, put the orca on the stand and cross-examine her?!
Really? How interesting... And how do you propose to communicate with the orca?

Before we get into that... ...why don't you take care of your "orca witnessing the murder" balderdash first?

So what of it? There's nothing odd about that. As was discussed in yesterday's trial, the orca was bleeding. Traces of the orca's blood were also found on the skull rock. The orca must have injured herself when she rammed the rock.
Those luminol reactions you saw on the orca are most likely from her head-butting.
Gaaaaaaaaagh!
Wright-dono... are you trying to tell this court... ...that the perpetrator tried to kill the orca off to prevent a witness from talking?! Do you really expect to defeat me with that feeble attack?!
The orca pool and the lab are far apart. It's little wonder he didn't know Orla's condition.

...Wait just one minute. What is this "TORPEDO"?

............Heh heh. Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh... Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
"Funny"...? Yes, I find this all very "funny." Witness, those "sensors" send sound waves through the water, correct? But what if there isn't any water?
I see... And where is the sensor in the orca pool located?
You don't know? Then I will tell you. The police found a sensor just like the one you just showed us. They found it attached to the table at the bottom of the pool.
That's right. ............Don't you get it yet, Wright-dono? The table is on the skull rock side of the partition. It's affixed to the bottom of the pool, and can't be moved.
Precisely. Without water, the TORPEDO sensor would not work. Witness, when did that sensor automatically switch off?
Heh heh. Did you hear that, Wright-dono? Yes, the water can be drained without harm to the orca if the partition is used. But if the water is drained from the skull rock side, the sensor turns itself off. If the sensor was always on except for during the cleaning and the investigation... ...it means there must have been water in the pool at all other times. It was never drained. In other words... no one but the defendant could have committed the crime!

But aren't you forgetting one important question? When was the sleeping drug given to the orca?
The orca pool is the scene of the murder. The police were there all day yesterday. The only way to give the drug to the orca undetected is to put it in her food. Yesterday, someone gave the orca food during the trial.
You don't remember? You're not THAT old yet, are you? ............It was the defendant, Sasha Buckler!
The prosecution's argument hasn't changed. Buckler made the victim fall to his death and then manipulated the orca to pin it on her. Still not satisfied, she further planned to kill the orca with the sleeping drug!
Well, well. You still haven't admitted defeat?
............Hmph.
............That's what I've been saying all along! After the orca was falsely accused, the defendant planned to kill the orca.
I don't remember that person feeding the orca.

Hmph! So you remembered, did you? I see the time for a true sword fight has come. I call Marlon Rimes to the stand!
Having a witness lie to save your own client? What a dirty, underhanded tactic, Wright-dono!

Witness, if you keep talking nonsense, I will seal your mouth shut.

But it's possible that Dr. Crab was misinformed or that he misunderstood. The witness already explained this. Why are you taking this meaningless tack? If you want to play games, Taka here would be more than happy to "play" with you.
Witness. Continue.
In the defense's case, however, more lawyers means simply... more lawyers. Nothing more.
Hmph. You need the witness to keep you focused? For shame, Wright-dono.
............I didn't believe the witness's testimony from the outset. I am grateful to you, Wright-dono, for shutting the witness up. As I thought, the only person who could have killed the victim is Sasha Buckler. That fact still remains, whether the witness was the one who tried to kill the orca or not.
............No need for pity, Your Baldness. Just finish him off with a swift verdict.
Hmph... Pitiful. Such desperation. You look pale. Are you sure you're prepared to make this counterargument?
What? You're finding fault with the police investigation now?
...That is correct.
............Wright-dono. What you're doing is a disgrace to your profession. I sincerely hope you have some basis for what you're suggesting!
The victim's body was found in the orca pool! How do you explain that?!
Totally misguided, completely wrong and astonishingly foolish!
How could anyone move a body with that?!

Hmph. You desperately spew conjecture and now you even make up a crime scene?
You don't have the soul of a warrior. You don't deserve to be on the battlefield! And even your fabrication is half-baked. It's a disgrace!
The hoist can be operated from the orca pool room only.
And the only person who entered the orca pool room was the defendant. So even if the body was moved... ...the only one who could have moved it was the defendant herself!
...Hmph. All right, fine. Let's hear this "objection," then.
The hoist could only be operated from the orca pool room. Furthermore, the defendant is the only one who entered the orca pool room. Therefore, the defendant is the only one who could have moved the body.
Wh-What?
...Hmph. It's not "surprising." It's "absurd," which is no surprise, coming from you.
!

Hmph! What rubbish is this now? You don't have a single scrap of evidence!
Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh! Wright-dono...!
If you were going to give testimony like that, why did I bother putting you on the stand?

Stop this nonsensical scrutiny of feelings! Just present evidence to prove your point!
Well?! I'm waiting! Let's see this "evidence" that has to do with Marlon Rimes's sadness!
The only thing that piece of evidence made clear is my feeling toward you.
A feeling of complete disgust that you have presented such ridiculous evidence!

The only thing you revealed was the witness's relationship with the victim a year ago. What does the witness's past have to do with the case at hand?!
............
The orca was his true target? But Jack Shipley is the one who died! The orca is alive and quite well!
Hmph... At a loss for words, are you? What happened to your bravado of a moment ago? Enough of these reckless words, without any basis in fact!
What are you talking about?
If you could kill a giant orca with that, you would be the king of the ocean! ...Clearly, you lack respect for the sea!
Don't tell me you're trying to claim he tried to kill the orca by draining the pool water?!

Hmph. You're wasting time. What proof do you have of that? Perhaps the orca simply wasn't hungry?
Fish? What does it matter? What relevance does it have to the case? Cease this stalling by asking inconsequential questions! Stop delving into the depths of the orca's stomach and delve into the case instead!
............Visitor? Are you trying to introduce yet another suspect at this eleventh hour? If you utter more of your careless remarks, Taka won't look favorably upon it!
The defendant...? What basis do you have for that claim?
...Is this some kind of jest? Do you actually believe the defendant ate the orca's fish?
...The witness from before? Do you have any basis for that claim?
"Somewhere"? Where? And where is this "fresher fish" he was going to give her?
So there are footprints... What of them?
The witness claims he never saw the penguin. How do you explain this contradiction?
Wright-dono, if you aren't up to the task... ...I could disprove this witness's testimony for you...
Hmph. Just like yesterday... Must you two always be whispering to each other? Why don't you admit that resorting to a penguin will get you nowhere!
The penguin is a "key point"?
............!

And the witness made the defendant do this somehow without arousing her suspicion?!
WH-WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!

If you think you've won this battle, you are sorely mistaken. Your theory is based on the notion that the witness could manipulate the orca. Witness, can you control the orca's actions?
Hmph. The judge's blade is sharper than the lawyer's. If you wish to do battle with a witness, you'll need a honed blade. Where is your sword of evidence that Marlon Rimes could manipulate the orca?!
You've cross-examined all the witnesses and presented all your evidence!
The central figure...?
If that's your "central figure," the one who holds the key to it all... ...then even Taka here could win a "guilty" verdict against you!

This absurdity is beyond the pale. How do you expect to question an orca, a creature incapable of speech?!
Very well! Do what you will, then! But if you fail to garner anything from this little exercise with the orca... ...I hope you realize the reward for your efforts will be the defendant's guilty verdict!
Well, the orca is present, but I highly doubt she understands what's going on.
I have no interest in this chit-chat. On with the cross-examination!
Wright-dono, I hope you realize... ...that if you can't prove how Rimes manipulated the orca with this cross-exam... ...your defendant will be declared guilty immediately!
...Hmph. This is your plan of action? If you are incapable of interpreting orca speech, this entire exercise is folly!
............Wright-dono. Surely you don't intend to continue this farce...?
I demand serious witness testimony! This is no time for fun and games! If you continue this mockery, I will subject you to forty lashes with a wet fish.
Hmph... Taka's singing voice is much more melodic and clear.
Stop all this pet prattle and get on with the cross-examination!

I, on the other hand, have had more than my fill of this tomfoolery! Enough is enough!
Hmph... You have just about exhausted my patience, Wright-dono!
I'm weary of this comedy of errors. Your Baldness, bring down your hammer of justice!
...Hmph. No verdict yet?
Wright-dono... what are you up to?
His cell phone?! Are you implying he used an app?!
Hmph... Unbelievable! You actually pulled it off...
Hmph............ It wasn't bad.

Hmph............ I have to commend you. That was very good proof. I concede Marlon Rimes could have manipulated the orca. But isn't it true that the defendant could have done it as well? All she would have to do is use the whistle, the whistle she knows how to use so well. And she wouldn't have had to use those videos... Surely you admit it's a possibility? She could have easily had Norma DePlume witness the singing and the lifesaver trick!
...Just as I claimed! And isn't it much more natural to assume that it was the defendant who did it?!
And on what basis do you make that claim?! Show your sword if you want to challenge me!
You challenge me to a battle? I hope your sword is sharpened... Let me see those sword skills of yours!
...What, pray tell, is that?
How Orla performs tricks? What are you talking about?
Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh... Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! What a farce! So are you saying that the witness somehow managed to produce an impossible scenario?
The defense is claiming that Marlon Rimes manipulated the orca... ...but if you cannot explain fully how this was done, your argument doesn't hold water! If you can't straighten out your own theory, would you like me to straighten you out?!
"Faked"...?

"Maybe"?! How do you expect to conduct a sword battle with conjecture?!
The security footage plainly shows the orca performing the lifesaver trick. Norma DePlume also stated in her testimony that the orca was singing. There's no indication that either one of these tricks was "faked"!
If that's true... then what was the orca doing?
The singing trick was faked. The lifesaver trick was faked. Are your qualifications as a lawyer also faked?

But Ms. DePlume said she heard the orca singing right in front of her! How do you claim he made her think that? How was the song recording played?!
What...?!
Now I regret my surprise... How could anyone play a song recording with that?!
That "somehow" is what I'm asking you to explain!
And you claim the song was played from that speaker? How?!
How would using THAT make the song play through the speaker?!
............
Gaaaaaaaaaaaagh!
If Rimes couldn't get a command to the orca, your theory crumbles. Everything you've done will all go up in smoke!

The burden of proof is on you! If you can't do that, then we can end this cross-examination right now.
Hmph............ So you intend to continue to claim that the defendant is innocent, do you? But I won't stand for that... Now, then, Wright-dono, what's your next move?!

Yes... The orca could have received a signal from the defendant's whistle... Is this the point you're trying to concede?

I will not allow such leading questions, Wright-dono. If you claim the walkie-talkie belonged to the victim, show me your evidence!
...Your face is what's astonishing, Wright-dono.
B-But that's impossible!
Explain yourself! What is the basis for this preposterous claim?!

...While I will concede there is a possibility that two different orcas exist... ...bite mark patterns alone are not proof enough. I want more conclusive evidence!
Ngh............ If the teeth are different, then...
...Why didn't you say anything about there being two orcas?
And that is why...you killed Jack Shipley? Ah... Now the report from the crime lab finally makes sense...
In court yesterday, you will recall I showed a photo of the victim lying on his back? According to the lab, the bruise on the victim's right wrist was Rimes's handprint.
I didn't know how it fit in the case until I heard Rimes's story just now. But now we can imagine the reason for it being there. Rimes must have made the handprint when he fought with the victim over the orca.
Heh. You accept your defeat well, I see. Let me be your guide... to hell. Get on with the verdict, Your Baldness.
...But what complaint could you have? You are about to get your "not guilty" verdict!
............Then what do you suggest it was?
Th-Then he must have been...!
B-But that can't be...! It's... impossible!
It does indeed expose something... the defense's boneheadedness. There is nothing untoward about that evidence, no matter how you bluster.
I hope you don't think waving your finger about aimlessly... ...is going to help you win this trial!
