Hey! Aren't you that murderer from the other day!
Hey pal, you know Prosecutor Edgeworth is all upset, and it's your fault! I saw him sipping tea and staring gloomily out the window!
!!! ... ... ...
You're right, pal. It's all my fault. I can blame other people all I want, but I know the truth in my heart!
Yeah, I suppose you're right. Hey! What exactly are you two doing here?
Huh!? Hey! You can't just go saying "pal" like that! That's MY endearing character trait!
Hey, good idea, pal!
W-well, yeah, but... Hey, us detectives get tired of standing around too, pal!
Oh, yeah. That way's kind of dangerous. You should stay out, pal. There's nothing down there, anyway. That's where Studio Two used to be, they tell me. They don't use it now, though.
Oh, the wind was pretty strong yesterday, and the head broke off. It took that tree down with it, too.
That's the security camera. It takes photos of people going to the studio. All you have to do is look at the data and you can see who went where!
Yeah, apparently the studio's fallen on tough times. They've started letting people in on days they aren't filming. They make a bit of extra money by charging for admission.
Huh? Just what's that supposed to mean, pal!?
Well, it's... Hey! I can't tell you that, pal.
What I got?
Hmm... right, right. Sorry about what happened last time, pal.
I'm not at liberty to give you any more information, pal. You'll hear all you need to know in court!
Simple, pal! The murder took place right over there in Studio One. Now, the victim entered Studio One at approximately 1:00 PM. At that time, there was no one other than the victim in the studio. According to the autopsy report, the time of death was 2:30 PM. Only one person went to the studio between 1:00 and 2:30! And that person was none other than Will Powers! No one else, pal! If you think I'm lying, ask the security lady at the main gate.
Oh, that sweet old lady. What a charmer!
When I showed her my badge she gave me a donut and some coffee!
She even gave me a piece of valuable evidence!
Well, that, er, photo. The photo of the Steel Samurai heading toward the scene of the crime!
See the camera up on that gate, pal?
Yeah. Whenever someone walks by, that camera automatically snaps a photo of them!
...
Uh huh? Don'tcha think it's a little sad when you have to explain what your badge means, pal? Real men show their P.D. badge and that's that!
Look, I don't got time to look at every little trinket you got, okay pal?
What's wrong, pal? You seem down.
Oh hoh hoh hoh hoh!
Sure thing, pal. Go wherever you like. Of course, you're not going to find any clues I haven't already found! Hah hah hah!
Look pal, that camera takes a picture automatically whenever someone walks by. And it took a picture of Will Powers!
Whazzat?
Yes sir! I'll explain with the guidemap here. To understand this case, it's important to grasp the layout of the studios, see? This here is the Employee Area. The actors did a run-through of their action scenes during the morning here. This is the main gate to the studios. The security lady that works at the studios was here at 1:00 PM on that day. Past the security station there is a gate, see? Past that are the studios. And here it is... Studio One. This is the scene of the murder, where the
I shoulda known it would be you, pal! Fine. Once more for the mentally-challenged lawyer.
I heard everything! This boy here's a key witness! And he's under police protection, starting now! C'mon, son. You've got a rendezvous with me down at the precinct!
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarh! No no no! No touchin'!
Oh, sorry, pal. Didn't mean to frighten you.
Heh heh. I guess I can be a little dramatique at times... I suppose it's the actor in me...
Ahem. Anyway, I'm here to examine the plate on that table.
Yeah, pal. Traces thereof.
For a thorough examination I gotta take the plate back to the precinct. But I have the capabilities to make a cursory examination right here! Our science guy gave me some testing solution. This reacts to sleeping pills, see? If there're traces it'll change color.
Now, now, everything in due time, pal. ... ... ... Well, the testing solution on the plate changed color alright.
Looks like it.
To tell the truth, it's a real mess, pal. Some people think we should pursue the case we already have against Powers... And some people think we should switch suspects!
Well, pal, I hate to admit it... But I'm not sure I buy the case against Mr. Powers any more. I feel kind of bad for Mr. Edgeworth, though.
Edgeworth is out of control! He was in the waiting room and he crushed this paper cup with hot, hot coffee in it.
Talk about burns, pal!
Oh, the bottle of sleeping pills? Well, I got some good news for you about that. They found the victim, Jack Hammer's prints on the bottle.
Yep, it sounds like the one who put Powers to sleep was none other than... the victim!
It's looking like Will Powers was drugged... I'm going to go back to the precinct to do some more detailed tests.
Well... don't go telling anyone this, pal. But I was kind of impressed at today's trial, too.
Most lawyers would've given up after that director's testimony. I think if it'd been anyone but you up there, Powers would be done for by now.
Oh, that? Talk about embarrassing, pal! I can't believe I missed that on my first sweep for evidence. Don't know how I can apologize to Mr. Edgeworth.
Oh, heh heh. *blush*
I'm guessing I know as much about that as you do, pal, i.e. nothing.
Hold it right there! I heard everything, pal! Dee Vasquez! You're coming down to the precinct with me, now!
H-hey, you okay, pal? Sorry I was a little late with my entrance. I don't get many chances to practice that sorta thing.
Huh? Don't mention it, pal. Just doing my job. ... ...
Sorry, it's just... I've wanted to say that line ever since I became a detective. ... Okay. I've got one more job to do today. I'm sure we'll run into each other again soon!
