H-h-h-hey, pal! W-w-w-what're you doin' here!?
What!? Um, well...
Hey! I'll have you know I'm a very busy man, pal.
What? The Dancing Blue Badger? It's my masterpiece!
The chief threw together some designs and I just did my thing, pal.
It's battery-powered, so it can go anywhere! There's no switch, so it just dance dance dances until the batteries die!
I'll give you one word of advice, pal. You'd better not agree to defend the suspect in this case.
Huh? Well... It's just that the Chief Prosecutor has confessed to the crime. She says she summoned the detective to the Prosecutor's Office and... she killed him.
Yes, well... no! C'mon, pal! There's plenty of evidence against her!
Hey, pal. Can I speak to you for a second?
Why is this little girl so peeved at me?
Whoa!!! The Chief Prosecutor's little sister!?
Yessir! Oh, by the way. You might want to keep your voices down. You don't want to be overheard using words like "faked"...
It's just... it's a sensitive issue with us these days.
Me? Oh, well... nothing, really. They kicked me out of Criminal Affairs...
Whaddya mean, "this time"!?
It's true. We've never had a Chief Prosecutor murder anyone before! Only the highest-ranked people are being let into Criminal Affairs now... The lowest ranking guy in there is our chief of detectives. They're not letting any of us rank-and-file detectives in at all.
So, anyway, I thought I'd spend the day getting the badger dance down pat.
The Chief of Police himself is directing this investigation, pal. And Officer Marshall was assigned to the underground parking lot.
A patrolman in charge of a crime scene... It's unheard of, pal!
He was a detective, like myself. Detective Bruce Goodman.
Well, Detective Goodman should have been at the Police Department yesterday. There was an evidence transferal for a case he handled two years ago.
Well, that's the thing... It's hard to say this, but... Word is that Chief Prosecutor Skye called him out there, to the parking lot.
He's in a tough spot, again...
Well, it all started with the murder of that defense attorney, Hammond.
Listen, pal, there have always been rumors about Edgeworth. Forging evidence, making deals with witnesses... Nothing outright, but there were always whispered rumors. Ever since he was accused of murder, no one's whispering. They're practically shouting!
Well, Mr. Edgeworth has always had unusually strong ties to the department higher-ups. It's only natural that people would be suspicious.
Anyway, this latest case has started a new rumor. People say the only reason he took this case... is because he's aiming for the Chief Prosecutor position himself!
But I know the truth, pal! Nobody wants to be the one who has to prosecute the chief prosecutor! Mr. Edgeworth is biting the bullet on this one! He's doing this for all of us!
You show this to me every time we meet, pal. Real men show their police badge. 'Nuff said!
Huh? Hey, pal! This is a detective's ID card! You can't just keep that! You have to turn it in to the police! It's people like you that get me into so much trouble all the time!
Hmm... let's see... "Bruce Goodman"... Goodman... Sounds familiar... ... Nah, my mistake.
Whoa!!! Now I remember! Bruce Goodman! He's the victim!
This ID card belongs to the victim, Detective Bruce Goodman. You can do just about anything these days with a card and the right secret number... scary!
I forget my secret number a lot, too. It's scary! But... but I'm me, after all! And what could be wrong with that!?
Hey, that's it! That's the "King of Prosecutors" award that Mr. Edgeworth got yesterday!
Of course, pal! I got an award for diligence, myself.
Oh, there's a reason. Um... I'll tell you what it is later.
But, I was proud of Mr. Edgeworth for winning that award. He's even got naysayers in the Prosecutor's Office.
Found in Mr. Edgeworth's car, stabbed with Mr. Edgeworth's knife, huh... What would drive Chief Prosecutor Skye to do such a thing?
W-wait, I didn't mean... I mean, sure, of course someone else really did it! Someone who must have, um... Someone who must have a grudge against Mr. Edgeworth!
As a detective, I have to keep my mouth shut on that one. I know better than to go blabbing on about things I don't know about...
Good. 
... And that's all I know about that. I'm not officially on the case, you know.
That'd be Officer Marshall. He was appointed directly by the Chief of Police...
No, Jake Marshall's just a regular officer... From West LA.
Look, pal, let me try to make things a little easier for you. Show them this and they'll let you examine the crime scene... maybe.
Just act like you're supposed to be there, and nobody will look at you twice, pal!
One steak lunch, please! Oh, it's you.
Now's no time for chit-chat, pal. I'm a busy man! What I really need is a steak lunch from Lunchland.
......
Now's no time for despair! We've caught our criminal! Now we just need evidence!
You heard about the stabbing in the Police Department evidence room, pal?
It's the biggest scandal to hit the station in ages! Everything's topsy-turvy.
Listen, pal, all I know is I need me a steak lunch, pronto! Standing around here talking isn't going to fill my belly!
If you want to know more, head on down to the detention center, pal. Questioning should be over, so I figure he's down there having a good cry. Later!
Whoooooah!
I wouldn't recommend going around smacking ghosts on the head, pal. So, is it true what I heard?
So, Chief of Police Gant... will loan anyone 50 bucks? Even me!?
Actually, I was put in charge of the investigation for today.
But guess what!? You got permission from the Chief... So now you're boss for a day!
First of all, you'll want to have this.
There you go, pal, making me out to be some kinda slob! I'm not responsible for the evidence here. That said... I bet that evidence locker was opened recently.
If you leave things hanging out like that, the evidence gets dirty or ripped. The guard checks on that kind of stuff and notifies the detective responsible. How many times have I had him breathing down my neck about some silly evidence...
If you're going to talk behind someone's back, don't do it right in front of them, pal!
Hey, pal, our security is high-tech around here!
Ah! That's my personal pole! I never did get around to using it...
Right, pal. That's that metal detector! The one that led to the solving of that case out on Gourd Lake, remember?
Oh, that! That's a radiolocator! I'm sure it will come in handy in solving some case sooner or later.
You can't judge a person or a machine by their cover! You gotta look at their heart!
There you go, pal, making me out to be some kind of hooligan! That's apparently from "the" case.
The SL-9 Incident, pal. See the sticker on one of the pieces there?
Hah! Good luck, pal. That's no job for amateurs. Why, I spent a good three hours on that before I had to give up!
That only took me two minutes to do! The problem is finishing it!
Still... It doesn't look like the most stable kind of jar.
That locker is coded with Detective Goodman's fingerprint.
Well, it'd be hard to get it open again if we closed it.
There you go, pal, making me out to be some kind of absent-minded detective! That's evidence from "the" case, you know.
Since the dawn of time... True art has always been a war against oppression.
Well... You might say this is my studio...
That's right! It's an honor! After all, the murder took place right here, in the Police Department!
... They're using our findings from yesterday's investigation to prepare for the trial.
I'm adamant, though! I'm going to take control and put this case to rest! And in my own evidence locker, pal!
Hah hah, of course! I am a detective, after all. They gave me a locker that only I can open, pal!
I'll always believe in Mr. Edgeworth, no matter what happens.
They're trying to figure out who's responsible for the mess-up in court today.
I guess this is what you call "fate." Mr. Edgeworth just can't get away from that case...
Yeah, that case! The SL-9 Incident, of course! That was the beginning of the end for Mr. Edgeworth.
This place is more high-tech than you might think. Every locker is fixed so that only one detective can open it.
Well, that's the thing, pal. ID cards can be lost. Why, I'm on my third card since entering the force already.
Yes, but even I can't lose my own right hand!
Exactly, pal! The lock for each locker is coded with a fingerprint! And that's the only locker we can open.
These are the latest model! There's a trick to the handles, see?
On the other side of the handles is a sensor, and if the wrong person touches it...
If that's what happened, my hand would be black and smoking every day! In any case, the locks aren't that obvious. There's even some people in the force that don't know about the fingerprint locks!
Now that was a bloody, violent case.
A serial killing!
But the killer made a mistake, and Mr. Edgeworth built his case around that to nab him.
That put Mr. Edgeworth right in the spotlight... and started the rumor mill.
It was supposed to be all cleaned up with the "transferal" the other day. It was the last job he ever did... Detective Goodman, that is.
Detective Goodman was the detective in charge of the SL-9 Incident, see.
You show this to me every time we meet, pal. Real men show their police badge. 'Nuff said!
That's the victim, Detective Goodman's ID card. These days, everything's cards and secret numbers. I can never relax!
I always forget my secret number, too. Scary, huh? My face should be ID enough! What's the world coming to!?
Hey, that's it! That's the "King of Prosecutors" award that Mr. Edgeworth got recently!
Of course, pal! I got an award for diligence, myself.
Oh, there's a reason. Erm... I'll tell you what it is later.
Found in Mr. Edgeworth's car, stabbed with Mr. Edgeworth's knife, huh... What would drive Chief Prosecutor Skye to do such a thing?
W-wait, I didn't mean... I mean, sure, of course someone else really did it! Someone who must have, um... Someone who must have a grudge against Mr. Edgeworth!
This is my crowning achievement, my masterpiece, you might say. But... art is always misunderstood, pal.
He was dancing proudly on the day of the awards ceremony... But there were a lot of people coming and going after the ceremony... So they took the Blue Badger away for a while!
Oh, they said it was "shameful" or something like that. "Shameful"! I toiled night and day...
Detective Goodman's note... and that switchblade knife. I bet Edgeworth was the most surprised of anyone.
That was Mr. Edgeworth's first big case you know, two years ago. That was the first time the world knew Edgeworth was a man to be feared!
I guess it's not over, pal. Maybe there are some loose ends left on that case...
That's the photo that Ms. Starr took.
That Ms. Starr is quite the lady. Why, I remember it was winter... I was 16. She was the only one who ever got me to talk about what happened.
Ah, I heard the rumors. So it was Goodman who came in here at the time of the murder... Whoooooooooah!!!
Th-th-th-th-th-th! That second number...
Mr. Edgeworth!
The second number on this list... belongs to Mr. Edgeworth!
You can't open the lockers if your fingerprint doesn't match. If you can open it... they'll give you 50 cents!
After all, Detective Goodman was stabbed here after opening his locker... But at the same time he was found dead over at the Prosecutor's Office!
Allow me to say one thing, speaking as a detective. If I see a piece of evidence I know nothing about, I say nothing! Nothing!
You bet it's fine, pal!
Hey... That's some pretty amazing stuff you got there, pal!
Where'd you get your hands on that!?
I'd like to get some too! I'll just borrow 50 bucks from the Chief!
WHAAAAAAT!!?
Please! You have to help me... When they come to take me away... Promise you'll testify that I wouldn't harm a fly! You'll do that for me, won't you, pals!?
I'm counting on you guys! Believe me, you can't trust the police!
Hmm... Pale blue blood... Maybe Detective Goodman... was actually an alien?
Hey! If you didn't want my opinion, you shouldn't have asked!
Hey, pal, look at the time!!
It's just that Mr. Edgeworth's inquiry committee should be letting out soon. I'm going to go give them my report for the day. It might help, you know...
Hey, it's Mr. Edgeworth we're talking about! I'm sure he can use a report like this. I believe in him!
I'm off, pal! Later!
Hope I'm not interrupting anything, pals.
Oh... Guess I am. I'll come back later.
You've got a lot of nerve, pal! Making a detective run all around while on duty, and to top it off you call me here... I've seen happier people at funerals!
You better be, pal...Hey... Hey! Hey!! Hey!!! Hey!!!! I didn't see you there, Ms. Skye!
Oh... Oh ho! Oh ho ho! Oh ho ho ho! Oh ho ho ho ho ho ho! You mean this, right!?
Never in a million years would I have thought it was you who asked me, "Could I bother you to bring me the SL-9 Incident files?" "I'll need them by noon." Talk about crazy...
I can't believe you, the Chief Prosecutor, were a witness in that case!
Take it from me, you don't want anything to do with serial murders.
Oh, what? Now that I've brought you your stuff, you're just gonna ignore me?
Uh, ya know what? I just remembered... I gotta be somewhere. Sorry pal, but I'm outta here!
In any case, the locks aren't that obvious. There's even some people in the force that don't know about the fingerprint locks!
Hey, pal!
I was uh... just taking a breather. My feet hurt.
Actually... I had to serve everyone coffee.
Say, have either of you seen Mr. Edgeworth?
He's under fire from both the Police Department and the Prosecutor's Office. It's almost like the battles between you two in court!
That's basically what it all boils down to. That falsified evidence two years ago. Now Mr. Edgeworth has the whole world after his blood!
Regardless, the prosecutor is responsible for the evidence he presents in court. Not only that, but as you know there've been a lot of rumors going around about Mr. Edgeworth. Those who don't like him haven't been able to do anything because of his amazing talent as a prosecutor. But now with this...
In our world, only those with talent rise to the top. Mr. Edgeworth not only had that, but he's young. There's no better recipe I know of for making enemies.
Yes sir!
Yes sir!
Yes sir!
Yeah, well... I'm careful not to stick out. Anyway, I'm a bit worried about him. Under all this pressure, I'm afraid Mr. Edgeworth just might crack.
Actually, I took a look at the file earlier, while the coffee was brewing.
The only evidence Darke left behind was during his final attack.
When he killed Prosecutor Marshall, who was trying to protect some girl.
That's when he left the most incriminating evidence of all.
Oh, um, let's see... I think it had something to do with the murder weapon... ... Oh, I forget. Look, it's all written somewhere in here, okay?
Joe Darke was 42 at the time of the crime. He was just your run-of-the-mill businessman.
One day on his way home from work, he hit someone with his car.
An accident, yes. But it transformed him into an animal!
He killed a man that witnessed the accident. Then he killed a lady who saw the second crime. A kid walked by just then, so he killed him too. Then, when he was burying the bodies, a jogger came upon the scene and was killed as well! Finally he turned himself in.
Of course, this is all conjecture. There wasn't a single shred of evidence.
Yes, but in the middle of his questioning, he fled and murdered his final victim... Prosecutor Marshall. That crime was witnessed by someone too, but fortunately he was arrested on the spot. It's a good thing that last witness wasn't killed.
That's right. We traced it back to the store he bought it at, and it had his fingerprints on it too.
That's where his luck ran out. When you take a good look at the knife... you'll see it's broken!
... Yeah, well anyway! Take a guess where the broken- off tip of the knife was found. That's what did him in!
The victim, Neil Marshall was carrying it... inside his own body!
It was found deep inside the stab wound.
You bet. Down to the last fiber.
This ID card belongs to the victim, Detective Bruce Goodman. You can do just about anything these days with a card and a secret number... scary!
I forget my secret number a lot, too. I'm scared of myself! But... but I'm me, after all! And what could be wrong with that!?
Hey, that's it! That's the "King of Prosecutors" award that Mr. Edgeworth got the other day!
Of course, pal! I got an award for diligence, myself.
Oh, there's a reason. Erm... I'll tell you what it is later.
What are you talking about!? He was guarding the bloodstain on that evidence locker with his life! That's more than you can say for most officers nowadays!
Hey! Don't tell me that's...
What are you doing with that!? Ever since that case was closed, that knife's been locked away in a locker.
... That's it! Now I remember what that incriminating piece of evidence was! When you showed me that knife, it all came back to me!
Hey, I just bought some of that stuff! Now I can go around detecting blood traces too!
You mean this can't detect any blood traces!?
So that's why the lady at the counter had that smirk on her face...
That's the ID card record, isn't it?
"Sevensevensevensevensevensevensevenseven"?
Hey, that powder's used for detecting fingerprints.
He did what!? All I have is some flour... ...
Quick! RUN!!! AHH-CHOOOO!!!
... If it's any help, one time I took a nap on a bench with wet paint.
Oh, a lost item report, huh?
Well, I am a master of misplacement, you know.
The way I see it, if things are meant to be lost, then they're meant to be lost. There's a higher power at work here.
No locker can be opened without a fingerprint match. Besides... There's no reason for the murderer to touch his own locker...
SSH! If they come to arrest me, you'll defend me, won't you!?
About that jar... I think I've seen it before somewhere.
Or maybe it's one of those memories people have from "previous lives."
Something about it makes me feel uneasy. It's like I'm in the Chief's office, and he's yelling at me.
Where could I have seen that before...?
I can't believe Officer Marshall would do something like that...
Of course I do! He was like a mentor to me! When I first started out, he even gave me a small cactus.
He said, "Dick, she'll listen to all your troubles."
Hard to believe he's just a "patrolman" now. Someone oughta trade places with him! ... What? Why are you looking at me like that?
I've been studying up on those Files. There's nothing wrong with Mr. Edgeworth's presentation. To think people are accusing him of injustice... I for one ain't buyin' it, pal!
Yeah. It was a pretty big deal while it was going on, you know. After all, a serial killer was on the loose!
Let me share a little advice with you as a detective. If you don't have a clue, keep yer trap shut!
Sheesh!
Well, there you have it in a nutshell. That's all I know.
What is it? If it's money you need, you should ask Chief Gant.
... Well, any Detective's ID card can unlock the door.
But if I let a civilian in there, I'd be charged with breach of trust.
Simply put, I'd be canned.
Sorry, pal. I don't plan on getting fired because of you.
That won't work either. The data was deleted the day he died.
Oh, you're back.
I gotta make 150 copies of these files. Brewing coffee, copying files... I'm turning into a regular DJ!
I gotta admire your persistency, but my answer's still no.
I'm not letting you in the Chief's office, period. It'd be my neck on the line.
Hey, that's it! That's the "King of Prosecutors" award that Mr. Edgeworth got the other day!
Of course, pal! I got an award for diligence, myself.
Uh, yeah! Everyone knows that! There was this, uh... dragon, yeah, that's it. A dragon! He had a thing for shields, see...?
Anyway, it gets kind of gory after that. I'll spare you the details.
What's this crumpled up piece of paper? ...... N--no way! Mr. Edgeworth can't be serious!
I can't believe they've pushed him this far...
At first I thought he was as cold as ice, but now I know different! He trusted us detectives to provide him with sound evidence, but we just... we betrayed him!
......... That's it. I've made up my mind!
Here, take my ID card.
Look at me. It's no secret I'm already out of the loop. After all, I'm friends with Mr. Edgeworth. Depending on how this case turns out, I may already be as good as terminated...
So at least let me do this... for Mr. Edgeworth's sake!
If that happens, I'm counting on you to bail me out!
GAAAAAAAAH!
I didn't even know you could slap a ghost.
I-I-I wasn't "sneaking." I was just worried something might go wrong... so I came too.
Hey, don't do that to my card!
I hardly ever get a chance to come in here, so I figured I'd have a look around myself! Besides, we're all in this together now.
Not if we're lucky. Now come on, let's see what we can find out!
Look at that giant window... Makes you want to crash through it and jump outside.
I know! I was just saying...
Ever since making detective, I've always dreamed about doing something like that.
After receiving his award trophy, Mr. Marshall took a picture here, then went along with Chief Gant to question Darke. I bet he never knew he'd be dead just a few hours later...
No. Chief Gant must still keep it clean in memory of their partnership. They were the stuff legends are made of!
The Chief's organ sure is a sight to behold. Occasionally we hear him playing it from the Criminal Affairs department.
When a detective screws up, the Chief calls him to his office... and makes him listen to the organ for hours.
After that, the detective can't hear anything for days except for the ringing in his ears.
... He never listens to anyone anyway.
Word is, it's designed after the insignia on the prosecutor's badge.
Yeah, like the one hanging from your collar.
The design's supposed to portray the severity of the punishment system.
That's because he's a sharp dresser. A badge like that wouldn't go too well with his outfit.
I guess everyone just kind of lets it slide.
"Safe"... that word is ripe with intrigue!
How about we try entering my birth date?
Do you know what it is?
Oh, I know! You want to try my birth date? It's...
Whose birthday was that, pal?
You mean, "Sevensevensevensevensevenseven"? That ID number!?
Is there any money in there? How much does he have stashed away!?
a shard from a broken cup.
Hey! I saw someone wearing a shirt like that once! You think the Chief made up the design?
Oh. Well, it was just a thought.
A piece of cloth with a handprint on it, and a broken shard from a cup.
but unless you can prove they have something to do with this case, I'm afraid I can't just let you take them. After all, it's my neck on the line here!
"Safe"... that word is ripe with intrigue!
This looks like a list of evidence... used in a case.
In most cases the list runs twice as long as this.
Huh? "SL-9 Incident"! I wonder what this is doing here...
I said, "I wonder what..."
That's right. I guess there wasn't a lot of evidence.
Sure is, pal. The Chief doesn't care for imitations.
Ssh! Be careful of what you say! Who knows? The Chief may be hiding in this armor as we speak!
Cut it out! You guys don't know how scary that guy can be!
At first the Chief wanted to use stained glass for this window.
They say he changed his mind because he wouldn't be able to see the view.
No sir. This is entirely Chief Gant's office now.
He practices a strict policy of "preserving the crime scene."
He leaves it as a warning to everyone else. He wants us to always be alert. He told us so himself at our New Year's party. Of course, he was pretty intoxicated at the time.
No one except Chief Gant... and the cleaning lady who's in here each morning.
Can I ask you something?
You only came here to look around, right? Because it's one of the SL-9 crime scenes. I mean, that's your only reason for coming here, isn't it?
You don't think... Nah! You wouldn't be... No. ... No, there's no way. Never mind. Don't worry about it.
Hey, hold on! Not so fast, buddy!
When someone tells you "don't worry about it," it's supposed to start bothering you, pal! You don't just let it go at that!
You two don't think... Chief Gant... might be a suspect, do you?
There he goes, ignoring me again.
You bet. If it wasn't for that piece of evidence, he wouldn't have been found guilty! The broken tip of the knife was found inside the victim's body.
What's even more mysterious, is whether that's called a "scarf," or a "muffler." Answer me that, pal!
Hey, I know what that is! So, you want to take some fingerprints?
All right, go to town. Sheesh! ...
Go ahead. Take my fingerprints.
Huh?
Oh! Heh heh! I knew that. The one with the hand print on it, right? Sheesh, where's your sense of humor?
The way I see it, there's a higher power at work here. You just gotta have faith.
Psst! Hey you. Over here. What's going on here? What are that kid's prints doing inside the Chief's safe?
... Here. Maybe you should hold onto this.
Now I know where I saw that before... It was right here!
If I recall, it used to sit right on top of that shelf... two years ago. I used to stare at it while being forced to listen to that organ.
I'd try to use my telepathy to knock it over.
All of us put that back together. Oh, those were the days...
That's right. One of the shards had an "SL-9 Incident" sticker on it.
You mean this one, that was in the safe?
... ! Now that you mention it, it's ringing a lot of bells! Let's see if it fits!
What!? Look, bud. You don't get someone all worked up, then just leave them hanging! You're as bad as that girl I met back when I was 16...
Go ahead, pal. Show us what a rookie can do!
Hey guys! Get a load of this!
This piece you just attached... it's different from the others!
I don't get it! Why would Chief Gant hide this in his safe?
I feel a lot better now that this jar's complete.
More importantly, why wasn't there any money in there? Isn't that what safes are for anyway!?
Something else is buggin' me more than that. Take a look at the back of that form, pal.
It's smooth, and sort of feels like vinyl. I think I've felt something like this before... ... Nah, I can't remember.
I can't keep anything in my head lately!
If I'm fired, I won't be able to give you any information! So that's why I have to get it all out of my system now! You understand, don't you?
Oh, who am I fooling? I've never had anything useful to share to begin with.
Well? Was I any help?
C-Chief Gant!
Do you mean... m-me, sir?
Me, sir!?
But sir...
Y-y-yes sir!
Look, pal! If I've told you once I've told you a thousand times...
The Chief's office is off limits! But no, you just had to go sneaking in there like that, didn't you!?
Yeah, but if I knew it'd be like this, I never would've said it!
Anyway, you listenin' to me!? I'm gonna try to smooth things over with the Chief again! Later, pal!
Hope I'm not interrupting anything, pals.
Oh... Guess I am. I'll come back later.
You've got a lot of nerve, pal! Making a detective run all around while on duty, and to top it off you call me here... I've seen happier people at funerals!
Let me tell you, this is the last time, pal! Here. She asked me to give this to you if there was a break in today's trial.
The Chief Prosecutor also wanted me to give you a message.
She said, "If you're planning to take HIM on, you're going to need this book."
Doesn't look like that book'll do you any good now though. All that's left now is the Chief Prosecutor's sentence.
Huh?
Mr. Edgeworth...
What!? What else is there left to do? Your credibility's been all but ruined with this forged evidence you were unaware of, Ema Skye found out she unwittingly caused a man's death... And now you're telling me you want to do more!? You've gotta be kidding me, pal!
...!
What!?
That Chief... He's something else, eh pals?
Ha ha ha. I'm not a "detective" anymore.
Ah, don't worry. I've already decided where to work now! At your office!
Sure! I'll take the place of that top-knotted girl you used to work with!
Still... Looks like we're all out of moves now. Chief Gant's done it again. How is it he always gets the upper hand!?
What do you mean?
Hey. Don't go blaming yourself, now. If you want to blame anyone, blame society, pal!
Well, we'd better get back. It's time for the final act!
Hope I'm not interrupting anything.
Oh... Guess I am. I'll come back later.
You're doing this on purpose, aren't you? Making a detective run all around while on duty, and to top it off you call me here... I've seen happier people at funerals! Hey, lighten up, pals. I'm only kidding!
Nope, not this time! I came today because of you, pal!
That's right. I thought you'd like to see someone.
... Well, I won't tell if you won't.
M-Me?
Well, don't go trekking off just yet, pal!
There's just a little matter to be resolved about the Chief Prosecutor. You see, she isn't supposed to be out of jail like this.
Yeah, well it may be "okay" with me, but the folks at the prison are a different story.
Basically, I had to bribe a guard in order to sneak her out for 30 minutes. Believe me, it wasn't cheap either!
Yeah, well... ha ha! You see... Mr. Wright here's the one who'll be footin' the bill.
What, you think I could afford that with my salary? You gotta be kiddin' me, pal!
Since we're all here, why don't we all go together?
Yikes! I thought I was a goner for a moment there! In the end, though they overlooked my unauthorized investigation of the Chief's office. "If we penalized you any more, it'd be worse than firing you!" Yep. That's what they said. It just goes to show... You can't shake me off that easily!
