My name is Dick Gumshoe, sir. I'm the detective in charge of homicides down at the precinct, sir.
Well, sir, the defendant... She works under me, so, you know...
Yes, sir. It happened at the park near headquarters, "Exposé Park". The victim was one of the local cops, Dustin Prince. He was pushed down from the benches on the upper path, sir. The landing beat his body up bad and snapped his neck.
The victim's watch stopped from the impact of the landing, sir. The results of the autopsy confirmed the time of death.
Yes, sir.
The victim grabbed the criminal's glasses as he was being shoved, sir, and held onto them as he fell.
There's something even more incriminating than the glasses under the victim's body, sir.
There's something even more incriminating than the glasses under the victim's body, sir.
The lenses are for near-sightedness, and are almost the same strength as hers. Even the frames look kinda like the ones she's wearing in her ID, pal.
Er, um...
Er, um, uh... The dirt and sand rubbed out any traces of fingerprints or anything else.
Um, something like that...
During his date, the victim was pushed from the bench area.
Yeah, pal. If you look at the wounds on the victim's body, there's no way it was anything else.
Anyway, the victim fell pretty far...
But he managed to write the culprit's name on the ground where he landed.
Yeah. I was surprised, too. I didn't want to believe it, but...
I don't like saying it, but it was clearly the defendant's name, "Maggie", sir.
Sorry, pal, but that's what it said. This is a picture of it. No matter which way you look, it still says "Maggie".
With this piece of evidence and the glasses, it's hard to say she's not the culprit.
There were scratches on his fingers from the rough sand, and there were grains of sand stuck under his pointer finger nail.
Y-You talking to me, pal?
I have no idea either, sir!
How about that? I hadn't even noticed!
Yes, sir...
Officer Prince and Officer Byrde had been going out for half a year.
Officer Prince and Officer Byrde had been going out for about half a year.
Every year in March, we have a training camp for us cops. Officer Byrde was a rookie at the time, and she and Officer Prince seemed to hit it off.
Actually, I was supposed to go, too, but... I couldn't pay the deposit for the trip, so I didn't. If only I had gone on that trip...
Oh, uh, nothing, sir! Really! Anyway...
It sounded like they were even talking about marriage.
What!? You saying a guy's gotta marry someone the same age as himself, pal!?
Mind your own business, pal!
The day of the incident just happened to be the victim's birthday, sir.
Yeah. The victim, Officer Prince, had just gotten off duty at 5:30 PM that day, and since Maggey's night shift hadn't started yet, they went to the park for a bit...
Maggey... I mean, Officer Byrde, had gotten Officer Prince a present.
Well, that's because, uh, I'm her boss. And I've gotta watch out for my subordinates!
Hey, pal! Watch what you say! I know everything that happens under me! If someone so much as scratches their...
Whoa! Wait a second! Why are we talking about this!? It's all YOUR fault, pal! You're guilty, guilty, guilty! I should have you arrested!
It was something she had gotten over 2 months ago.
Yup. She's a very considerate woman, pal!
She got him a glove.
Officer Prince was a huge baseball fan.
Yeah.
Nah, nothing like that, pal!
She ordered it. It was custom-made!
Yup, that's what I said!
I should know, 'cause she came to me to ask what she should get for him.
Well, I'm, er... *ahem* She, uh... trusts me, so...
Actually, I brought the glove with me today.
Well, I didn't think it had anything to do with this case... Anyway, this is it, sir.
Officer Prince really liked the color yellow.
Yes, sir.
We first looked into the handwriting, sir.
We first looked into the handwriting.
Heh, this is why amateurs are amateurs. We're not a buncha simpletons, pal! Scientific investigation in this country's actually pretty good.
Unfortunately, we couldn't confirm that it was the victim's handwriting.
Hey, don't you look down on us! I told you! We're not a bunch of simpletons, pal! Everyone knows you can't find out everything you want with scientific investigation!
OK, so I made it up. Anyway...
Next, we checked the victim's pointer finger.
You know, the one you're always POINTING and waving around in people's faces.
Every time you do it, I have a mini-heart attack. It's like you're trying to kill me, pal.
Yeah. We figured there should be something on his finger if he had been writing in sand.
We found that there was sand trapped under the victim's fingernail.
Well, it proves that he did write that name with his own finger.
And there's more...
There were also scratches on the skin that were caused by him writing on the ground.
Yup. You can't see them with your naked eye, but they're there.
Sure is! That's the power of scientific investigation! They're so small that we had to use a magnifying glass... like a really strong one. It's got that really scientific-sounding name...
Yeah, that's it! We used one of those and that's how we found them!
From this, we could confirm that the victim wrote this name with his right hand.
I believe in the power of science.
That's the glove, right?
What's special? Um, never really thought about it, but uh... It's REALLY yellow... ... And that's about it.
Huh?
Left-handed...?
Well, um... no.
That's easy! Look, it's obvious from this picture that it was his... W-W-Wait a sec...
Aaaaah!!
Then that means Maggey is...!
Hey, pal! I graduated from a pretty good, I mean, top-ranked college!
What!? Why you!!! You're just some lousy kid who...
