I always see you hanging around when I'm working a crime scene, pal.
I'd rather not be working hard, but with crime you don't make your own hours. If I have to be at the circus anyways, I want to see the lion tamer and the tightrope. However, no matter where I go, the show is always the same... Dead body. Stage left.
Hey! Watch it, pal! The killer is behind that tarp!!
Ho! Ho! Ho! Got ya! I was just kidding!
Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho!
This year, I finally won an air conditioner!
I can't afford one of those things!! But I got lucky and won it as a door prize at the Annual Police Christmas Party!
Peanuts? I don't even get paid enough for peanut butter, let alone peanuts!
The safety lights around the circus are kept on all night long. So, they should have been on at the time of the murder...
How strange...
No no no no no... We're the ones who left the prints... An investigation can be a messy thing sometimes.
I also slipped and fell in that spot over there. The other detectives all got a good laugh when the prosecutor whipped me. Thank god there was all this snow around to bring down the swelling.
Of course. It will be Ms. von Karma.
What do you have to worry about? You only have to see her in court! When she shows up at the precinct, the sound of that whip never ends, pal.
That guy?
M-Mr. Edgeworth... You haven't heard what happened to him?
Well, to be honest... I'm not at liberty to tell you either. Let's just say he's not around anymore.
Yep. Last night around 10 PM. He died outside in the cold. A pretty sad way to go out if you ask me, pal.
This is the scene of the crime, pal. The body was found right over there. Right about where you are standing now.
Ho! Ho! Ho! Surprised you, didn't I?
He was killed by a blow to the noggin, pal.
It's pretty clear cut as far as murders go. He was discovered quickly. But...
There's just one thing that doesn't quite fit.
Footprints, pal. Footprints.
Look at this picture of the crime scene...
No clue, pal. Some forensics experts took it back and are examining it now.
Whoa. Calm down now. Take a good look at the footprints in this picture.
That's right, pal. The problem is...
Bingo. Where did the killer come from, and where did the killer run off to? Obviously, there is no way the killer committed this crime while flying.
What's with the hollow laugh, pal?
...?
Ho! Ho! Ho! You know I'm not going to tell you that! That's the prosecution's trump card!!
... Oh! I just remembered!!
I forgot to mention that you two are barred from entering that lodging house.
Oh... No reason! Just something I remembered to tell you.
Oh no you don't, pal!
C'non. You've flashed that badge at me so many times it doesn't work anymore! Why don't you try wearing a different badge every now and again?
What!? Don't look at me like that!! You're making me nervous!
Being a spirit medium is quite an accomplishment... And you're so young too! That's really something!!
It looks like Max is the most unpopular guy in the circus tent. You know what they say... A bad attitude follows you everywhere...
It's not just his attitude... I've got proof, pal!
He left something at the scene of the crime! One of his magician's trademarks! An incredibly well-made silk hat.
Max uses a cloak, silk hat, and white roses as his signature symbols.
That's what he said.
The eyewitness.
... I'm making a really strange tired looking face here...
I wish I was more lively... ... Right now, I'm just tired.
You're right!
You're going down this time, pal!
She's been practicing 100 cracks a day, pal.
Yep. Cracks of the WHIP!
You know I can't tell you two anything about the evidence we have gathered!
... Stingy!? When you put it so bluntly, it kinda hurts my feelings, pal...
I've gotten affidavits from most of the performers at this circus. They are certainly a strange bunch of characters.
Well, not stranger than you I suppose.
I-I'm sorry. I was just messing around.
Don't mention it! It's no trouble at all! I've been looking forward to this.
At your service, sir.
The night of the crime, snow was falling until 9:40 PM, making it extremely cold out.
Here is the autopsy report for the victim.
The night of the crime, snow was falling until 9:40 PM, making it extremely cold out.
It was nearly a blizzard up until the time of the crime.
It wasn't such a big deal... Maybe about an inch and a half was on the ground. The snow froze in place and stayed on the ground until the next day.
All of the circus performers gathered in the Big Top to practice their routines.
Everyone but the dancers and staff were there. Regina the animal tamer, Moe the clown, Ben the Ventriloquist... And of course, the defendant, Maximillion Galactica, and his victim, the Ringmaster. Oh, I almost forgot... Regent the tiger was there as well.
When I was investigating yesterday, he happened to snatch my wristwatch.
The practice session broke up around 10 PM.
Regina was playing with Regent, while Moe went back to his room tired from work... Ben the ventriloquist went to the front gate absorbed in his own world... The Ringmaster and Max went off to the Ringmaster's room to talk privately.
It seems they were negotiating Max's salary...
The murder itself took place in the plaza in front of the lodging house at 10:15 PM.
Uh... Umm... OK... Not a problem, pal. We've got a witness that told us how the whole thing went down. OWWW!!
The victim was found bent over a wooden box dead as a doornail.
That's right. The victim must have been carrying the wooden box when he was killed.
It was a rather strange wooden box, Your Honor.
Well... It was much heavier than it looked... Not to mention it was locked.
Sounds about right. The whole thing is lined with iron.
I figure they just did it to make the box heavier... Yeowch!!
S-S-Sorry... Suffice it to say, the box is really heavy.
Well... It had quite a sturdy lock on it. It took quite a bit to open that bad boy up.
Yes, it was. Some of the forensics team took it back to the precinct to crack it open.
Well, when we found the box, it was locked tighter than Fort Knox. So we took it back to the station and cracked it open. All that was inside was this little bottle...
Exactly what it looks like Your Honor. It's a condiment bottle.
It's filled with... Pepper.
The cause of death was blunt force trauma that snapped a vertebrae in his neck.
You've done your homework, pal.
My theory is that it is something the perpetrator ran off with.
No no no... I bet he made it disappear with magic... Ho ho ho!
Eh? I'm not even off the stand yet!
I dunno, but "wrapped up" has such a mean sound to it... I'm a sensitive guy...
Oh, it's you two.
Nah... I'm taking a rest right now, pal. I've been listening to come crazy clown's life story. Ms. von Karma told me to come down here and do this for her.
Let me tell you something, pal. Listening to that old clown sucks all your energy. Every time he's done talkin' he looks at you like you should be doing something...
I know that, pal. Do you have any idea how much your face hurts if you fake laughing that much?
No way, pal. You're not gonna get me to backbite a woman with a whip. No way.
Prosecutor von Karma's always got her eyes on us. And every time you definitely don't want her to show up... *poof* There she is!! Don't show up... Don't show up... Don't show up... Don't show up... Don't show up...
She's directly above us as we speak.
According to the clown, the criminal jumped from here and disappeared into the sky. If that's what happened, it means the killer passed right by this window, pal.
The acrobat's got his room up on the third floor, it seems. Pretty soon, Ms. von Karma's gonna start her investigation up there. So don't get any ideas of going up to the acrobat's room, got it pal?
Well, I am done with the investigation of the acrobat. Finally. But with Ms. von Karma...
It's Ms. von Karma.
Every time I hear that sound, she's usually not very far behind!
If you don't mind pal, I'm gonna go ahead and get outta here... Quick. See ya, pal!!
You're gonna ignore me after I went to all this trouble to bring you some evidence!?
Ahh, forget it. I'm goin' home. This guy deserves to be guilty anyways...
... Ho ho ho... Well, if you insist...
Here ya go.
The result of our investigation... You can look at it later.
... That's why this is all a secret.
Look, details are on a need to know basis. And we're not really allies or anything... But everything that's happened in court up until now has gone according to our plan.
You'll figure it out eventually, pal... Yesterday, our final plans were put into place.
Uh huh. That reminds me... I've got a message from the prosecutor for you. "Judgment comes at the very last instant." That's it. And that's it for me too, pal. I'm goin' home.
Oh... One more thing.
It looks like there's a large care package from the circus for the defendant.
It's milk. The reception area looks like some kind of dairy, so hurry up and drink it before it spoils.
Just like you thought... Yesterday's search really paid off, sir! Umm... You had it all figured out yesterday, didn't you?
You mean Mr. Wright?
Yes, sir! I'll be waiting for you! Goodbye Mr. Edgeworth!
