Ah, YOU!
Hey pal, help a guy out! Tell her that only the police are allowed here! This is the scene of a murder, so she should leave this to us pros...
Aw, shoot! Me and my big mouth!
H-Hey, wait...
Oh, man... I'm in trouble now...
Ah, no, that's not it. I got my facts mixed up for a second there, pal.
It wasn't the Nickel Samurai that got bumped. Actually, the Nickel Samurai is the one under suspicion of doing the bumping off...
The guy that died was this hero named the Jammin' Ninja, pal.
It looks like she was hanging around here before the murder happened.
Yeah, hiding in wait in front of the Jammin' Ninja's door, pal.
She wouldn't tell me, pal. Just said something about "Gettin' my big scoop"...
He was on a really popular rival TV show to "The Nickel Samurai".
The victim was the action star, Juan Corrida. He got a huge push and rode the express train to stardom. I mean, even I know who he is!
But I heard lately that Matt Engarde's been taking the wind out of his sail. I'm telling you, pal, as far as who's popular, those two are hogging all the limelight.
Yup. I mean, no! You've got to say it with more umph! "The Nickel Samurai!"
I wouldn't bet on it, pal. We can't have that happen, you know?
Sorry, pal, but that's not something I can tell you. We just started the investigation, so we don't want any leaks.
I was really shocked by what happened to her in that one case. I didn't know she had such an awesome power!
I thought maybe I should do some self-improvement and take up a hobby. So I went out and bought some Morning Glory seeds and planted them, pal.
Ho ho ho. Well, it's nothing really...
That girl is number three on my "People I've Seen A Lot Of Lately" list.
As if you need to ask. It's YOU, pal!
Maya Fey. ...But it looks like she's not around this time.
I look good! I think I've lost some weight, pal!
Wishful thinking, huh? ... In that case, I wishfully think I've lost some weight!
Lately, I've been on the instant noodles only diet, pal!
I'm not a real fan of action shows or anything... But I know who Juan Corrida and Matt Engarde are.
They even debuted around the same time. So they have this real fiery rivalry with each other. Kinda like you and me, pal!
The Nickel Samurai! He really took the Grand Prix tonight!
Really? ...Oh, I'm sorry then.
Matt Engarde was just arrested, pal. ...On suspicion of murdering Juan Corrida.
Listen, pal... I'm not leaking any info about the evidence to you this time. If I do, my salary's really gonna get it... And then I won't even be able to get those instant noodles down at the discount market!
You meet a lot of people as a detective, pal. So we make extra sure to not forget people because that's our job. ...Now, having said that, I don't remember ever seeing this person before.
That's not what it means... Not exactly anyway...
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT!? RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANSOM!?
Wait, the deal is "complete acquittal" in exchange for Maya, you mean...? Then this means Matt Engarde is obviously the killer, pal! No doubt about it!
You really believe what a KIDNAPPER tells you, pal!?
And on top of everything else, there's all this evidence we keep finding.
The guys with the eagle eyes are really lapping it up like they just caught a huge fish.
But it's strange. There's so much evidence that it feels like something's wrong.
Anyway, looks like you won't be leaving here tonight, pal. Just sit tight and cooperate with the investigation. Tomorrow you can start yours.
We've also got to be careful about pushing the kidnapper the wrong way.
Oh! It's you! So!? What's happened!? The kidnapper! Has he contacted you again!?
Umm... You doing OK, pal? Hanging in there?
We don't have a lot of time left, but I'm going to help you as much as I can, pal.
Just this once... "Special circumstances" right, pal? I'll even tell you everything I know. But you've gotta keep quiet. It's my neck on the line here.
Oh, that's right. I got you guys a map of the hotel, pal. Here you go, little missy.
Ha ha. Wouldn't want you to get lost in a hotel too big for its own good.
Well, technically, the final autopsy report isn't out yet, but... one look at the scene of the crime should tell you, pal.
Yeah. Here's a picture.
Yeah, pal, that's the murder weapon.
They're looking at the fingerprints down at the lab right now.
Yup. And it looks like they're pretty sure they're Mr. Engarde's prints, pal.
Because we had evidence on him.
It looks like the victim, Juan Corrida, really put up a big fight.
Well, yeah. During the fight, his button came off...
But that's not all...
There was a witness, pal.
That lady... Ms. Oldbag.
The prosecution has plenty of evidence to make a solid case... Not to mention there's something at the crime scene that was a little off.
As in, that's for you to figure out, pal!
That's your "present" from the kidnapper, huh? While you're talking, it sends and receives radio waves... If we could trace that...
I got it! I'll go find a radio scanner, and let you borrow it, pal!
Oh, that. This is just what I heard, pal, but that's the Jammin' Ninja's signature item.
No, not that! What do you take me as? I mean the guitar inside, of course!
Yeah, we looked for it too. It's not normal for a person to forget to bring their most famous item to an award show.
Ah, so you noticed it, pal. The whole crime scene was a mess, but this glass was the only thing that was untouched.
No, actually Ms. von Karma noticed it first.
Yeah, she's coming. Man, you're going to be in so much trouble, pal. I think it'd be best if you didn't bump into her here.
You look at this photo and you can't help it. It makes you want to say, "I can't believe this is the scene of a murder."
I'm sorry.
I really want to help you look for her, pal.
If anything happens, let me know, OK? I want to help in any way I can!
Hey, little missy. Listen good, OK?
Don't ever pick up a whip, OK? Don't even think about it.
If you ever find yourself thinking you want one, try to make due with a good slap to the face. Got that? Slap the person in the face. Promise me, OK?
If I had a choice, she would be number three on my list of people I don't want to see.
Don't get all high and mighty on me here. You've taken a tumble into second place, pal.
Ms. von Karma's miles and miles ahead of you in this race.
She's really scary... Right now... M-Ms. von Karma... You really don't...
Hey, why don't we let bygones be bygones, pal? Look, this guy is guilty. A buck says so.
I... I can't bet any more than that... My salary... It's...
I thought she was an alien from outer space.
Nah, even with her helmet off, I thought she was an alien, pal.
She's Mr. Engarde's manager, right? No matter what I do, I really stink at talking with people like her. As soon as I open my mouth, I get all flustered. See, she's one of those women with a brain. She's someone who "gets things done".
Compared to her, you can easily tell I'm a "can't do anything right" kind of guy. That's why I get all nervous and start messing up.
Um... There's nothing special I can tell you about this, pal. Look pal, we don't have a lot of time. Why don't you show me something more important? If Ms. von Karma saw me here like this... I'd have to switch sides real fast...
It's Ms. von Karma...
Whenever I hear that sound, for some reason, she pops out of nowhere and whips me!
S-Sorry! I've gotta make myself scarce! Later, pal! Eowww!
Ah!
Uwaah!
Yeooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow!
Y-Yes, sir!
...Well, I guess this means I've gotta get back to the precinct now, pal. If you ever need me, come down to the Criminal Affairs Department, alright? And if you can, try not to let Ms. von Karma see you...
Hey, so you came, pal.
Um, because there's nothing to be friendly or happy about.
Well, things look perfect this time around. The evidence and testimony are airtight...
I can't give you all the details, pal, but there's two big pieces.
And both of them are in this photo. The first is the button that's missing from the victim's chest.
Yup. I found it in the folds of the Nickel Samurai's special pants.
The knife in his chest, pal. The fingerprints on the knife in his chest, to be exact.
You didn't even have to ask, little missy. It's obvious. They're Matt Engarde's.
It's that old security lady, Ms. Oldbag.
What do you mean, you thought so? Did she tell you something, pal?
And I even told her not to open that mouth of hers and blab to anyone...
Yeah, well... Ms. Oldbag saw it all, pal. She saw Mr. Engarde come out of the victim's room around the estimated time of death.
Oh, that. This is just what I heard, pal, but that's the Jammin' Ninja's signature item.
Yeah, we looked for it too. It's not normal for a person to forget to bring their most famous item to an award show.
The stuff in that glass is tomato juice, pal.
I heard the victim really loved that stuff. Favorite drink in the world.
We're pretty interested in this bit of gossip ourselves.
Well, two years ago... A woman committed suicide.
Her name was Celeste Inpax. And she was Juan Corrida's manager.
But that's not all, pal. Ms. Inpax was Ms. Adrian Andrews' mentor... She taught Ms. Andrews everything she knew about the business from square one.
Do you want to know more about her, pal?
I'm not a real fan of action shows or anything... But I know who Juan Corrida and Matt Engarde are. Juan Corrida, though, he was always desperately trying to be better than Matt Engarde.
There's something interesting about this woman, pal.
You don't know? Haven't you heard the gossip about her?
If I'm caught leaking info to you here in the precinct, my neck's gonna be in a ringer, pal.
Ah, I mean my "neck" as a joke... But yeah, ask me about things that have to do with the case only, alright pal?
She was the victim's manager and was also Ms. Adrian Andrews' mentor. It's been two years since her suicide, and now those two are linked again by another death. Or maybe it's just a coincidence...? But... Waaah!
M-M-Ms. von Karma!
Y-Y-You don't... You don't mean...
W-Wait... Please wait, sir! If I don't get this month's pay, I'll star--
My name's Dick Gumshoe, sir. I'm a detective down at the precinct... for now.
After this trial's over... I'm supposed to turn in my badge, sir.
Y-Yes, sir!
This murder happened after the Hero of Heroes award ceremony, sir.
Yes, sir! Both the victim and defendant went alone to their rooms, sir.
This murder happened after the Hero of Heroes award ceremony, sir.
OK, pal. The ceremony started at 6 PM. It ended around 8 PM... and then there was a short break. A special post-ceremony show was supposed to start in the lobby 30 minutes later.
The victim, Juan Corrida, was found dead in his hotel room.
...Yeah.
She's the defendant, Matt Engarde's, manager. She's a really pretty lady... sir.
When the post-ceremony show was about to start, she went to get Mr. Engarde. After visiting his room, she next went to the victim's room to get him for the show, sir.
After looking into the cause of death, we believe he was definitely murdered, sir.
Only a careless amateur would believe something so brainless as that, pal. Take a good, hard look at the crime photo. Now, a real pro's attention would be drawn here, to this bandana.
Um, his "bandana", sir... That's the thing wrapped tightly around his neck, sir.
It seems to have been stuck in the victim's chest on purpose after his death.
At first, we thought there was something suspicious about the empty guitar case.
Because it was empty, pal. The Jammin' Ninja doesn't go anywhere without his bright red guitar. And we couldn't find it anywhere at the scene of the crime.
Um, we thought of that too... But...
The only fingerprints on the guitar case were the victim's.
However, we later found out that the guitar case had nothing to do with the murder.
The guitar wasn't at the Gatewater Hotel that night.
The bright red guitar was eventually found at the TV studio. The victim, Juan Corrida, had apparently only taken the case with him, sir.
Yes, sir. Even when he was onstage for the ceremony, he didn't have his guitar.
Yeah, that's right. So it really had nothing to do with the case after all.
Yes, sir!
Matt Engarde and Juan Corrida were huge rivals with each other.
It was sort of sticky on the handle, so the fingerprints came out pretty clearly, sir.
...And there's this button.
Yes, and we know that the blood on it is the victim's blood, sir.
Matt Engarde and Juan Corrida were huge rivals with each other.
...Yeah. But you know what's ironic, pal? Juan Corrida was always one step behind Mr. Engarde in everything. This year it seemed like he'd finally caught up, ready for the big, final showdown.
They each thought the other guy was "in his way". That's motive enough in my book.
Well, yeah, I guess, but...
Um, it's not... Well... I guess if you put it that way, then yeah, the defendant would've had no motive...
Eh!? N-No! Not you too, Mr. Edgeworth, sir! That's...
N-N-N-NOOOOOOOOOOO!
*sniffle* Noooo... Not my poor pension too...
Y-Yes, sir! We can talk about my pension later, sir!
As for evidence... There's the Jammin' Ninja's button.
Huh? What do you mean, pal?
Huh? But can't you tell by just looking at it?
A-And the victim's blood is on it.
... M-M-Mr. Edgeworth... Help me... sir!
Yeah, that's it! They're a perfect match, pal!
It was ripped off of the ninja costume and was found in Mr. Engarde's "hakama".
Pretty soon after the body was found, we rounded up everyone who knew Mr. Corrida. And then we did a search on them all. That's when we found the button.
The defendant's fingerprints were also all over the knife.
Huh? What do you mean, pal?
Oh! Is that what you meant!? Well, we didn't actually think of that...
The defendant bought the knife for the crime... Which makes this a premeditated murder!
Sorry, pal. This isn't just some pocket knife. It's not really useful for anything, and you can't just walk around with it either.
Wh-What?
That's right, pal. The defendant...
H-Huh!?
...Huh?
"Gatewater"...? I think I've heard that name somewhere before.
... Uh oh.
...But I didn't kn... Oh... *whimper*
...
It's just plain ol' "Mr. Dick Gumshoe" now, and I came to talk to you, pal!
Hey, it's wilting a little!
...The watering can... Where are you, Mr. Watering Can...?
B-But I can read AND I'm tall, pal!
B-But I can get it even more cleaner, pal!
Whadaya mean, pal?
Oh, that! A-Ah... What am I supposed to do now, pal!? I... I don't have anything coming in at all until my next payday!
... I guess that means I'm just gonna half [sic] to work here at your place, pal!
You'll be searching for things that will prove Mr. Engarde's innocence all day, right?
So yeah! I'm going to help you, pal! I've got lots of experience in investigating, and watching over people's places! And I'm great at making really simple meals, pal! I'll take care of it all!
Instant noodles, pal.
...That was the first time I've ever seen Mr. Edgeworth act like that... Never thought he'd say something like, he didn't care if Ms. Andrews killed herself...
But because of him doing that, we got the truth finally.
You mean about "that" thing, pal?
... Then... Then you're saying that testimony... was a lie...?
Ms. von Karma was shot today on the way to the trial by a pistol, pal.
Well, she was shot in the shoulder, so she's OK and still hanging in there. They should be done taking the bullet out, so she's probably resting at the hospital.
What? Are you going to visit her, pal?
Hey! You've actually got a heart, don't you!? She looked like she was being tortured to death not being able to go to the trial today, so maybe it'd be good for her if you went and let her whip you for a bit, pal!
Um... let's see... The name of the hospital... Oh yeah! The "Hotti Clinic"!
Oh! It's a little tarnished, don't you think, pal? Don't worry! I'll make it all sparkly shiny again!
Have you heard anything from the kidnapper...?
I'm sure once he hears what happened at the trial today, he'll call, pal. But remember! You can't provoke him when you get to talk to him!
When I saw that button, I thought to myself, "This is gonna prove Mr. Engarde's guilty!"... But it looks like there was a lot more to it than I thought, huh pal?
W-Well, I'm not a cop anymore. Just a regular helper around the office now, so...
Who would've thought that this knife Mr. Engarde used to eat his dinner steak with...
...That it would be stabbed into the victim's body by Ms. Andrews, of all people. I guess she just hated the victim that much, huh pal?
So this "Nickel Samurai" was really Ms. Andrews, huh?
It'll be OK! You'll see her again, little missy!
It's really important that you don't give up!
Cheer up! You can't give in, missy!
Hey! I know! I'll show you something cool! How's this? It's a real, genuine pistol... ... I... I don't have my pistol or my police badge anymore...
Y-Yeah!
People are jealous of my roguishly cool "detective look", pal. It's because of this look that I passed the detective's test, you know.
But you know, people can't coast through life on their looks alone, pal.
Her wound isn't that bad... Well, the gunshot wound anyway... But the wound to her pride, now that's a different story, pal.
Well, until now, she's always upheld the "Von Karma Creed", but since she came here, well, you've given her pride quite a beating, pal.
I mean, she may act all grown-up, but she's really still just an 18 year old. ...Quite frankly, I worry about her, pal.
That's the first time I've seen that side of Mr. Edgeworth, pal. Forcing people to say what he wants them to during testimony... I want to know what in the world happened to him all this time he's been gone...
I can't believe it. Maya getting kidnapped all because of this guy... I mean, what kind of person is the real murderer anyway!?
My impression of her has totally changed, pal.
I'm sure she's being questioned down at the precinct. At the very least about messing with the body, and obstructing the investigation. And she'll probably be staying over at the detention center...
She was Ms. Adrian Andrews' mentor.
Um... I can't think of anything to say about this, pal. ... Wh-Why don't I make us some instant noodles, instead?
Hey! Welcome back, pal! I thought I'd make you a little something for dinner.
It's a rich-man's luxurious full course meal... out of a can, that is...
Oh, hey... You don't have a can opener here, pal.
Oh, I know! There is one way I know how to be helpful! Ask me about anything you want, pal! Go ahead!
The transceiver...?
What thing?
It... It broke, pal?
...
I don't hear any static, pal.
Hmm... Maybe...
Maybe it was "electromagnetic interference", pal.
Card?
Hey, I know what this is, pal!
No matter what way you look at it, I'd say it's a picture of a shell.
...
Oh yeah! That's right! Mr. Edgeworth really likes those cooked snail things. Um, what are they called again...? "Escargot" or something like that...?
It's something that happens when a radio wave gets mixed up with another signal, pal.
Like for example, when a cell phone goes off next to a computer screen, the stuff on the screen gets kinda fuzzy and starts acting funny, right?
... Um, it's like when you use the dryer next to the TV, and the screen starts looking weird.
So the room you were in when that interference to the transceiver happened... There's gotta be something there that's sending out very strong radio waves, pal! Something like... Hmm... Like a listening device or something.
Hey, speaking of that! Where were you when it happened?
What!? That's it! I'm going to sneak into the precinct and get a bug sweeper! I'll meet you at the crime scene later, alright pal!?
Oh yeah, baby! It's investigating time! I'm on fire, pal! My fingers are itching to go! Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah!
Hey! You're finally here, pal!
Um, well, you see... I got busted trying to sneak in, pal. Then suddenly, I'm staring at the precinct doors. ...From the outside, I mean. So yeah... I couldn't get one of the police bug sweepers...
Hey, hey, calm down, pal. I didn't say I didn't get one, just not the police's.
Hey, this was made when I was in elementary school, pal.
Me, of course! Ah, seeing this sure brings back memories...
Hey, don't look down on it, pal! Sure, it looks a little run down... But I put my heart and soul into building this puppy here!
It'll work! Trust me, pal, it'll do the job! But...
But you can't set the sensitivity... So it's going to beep at anything that gives off electromagnetic waves.
Oh ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho! Well, anyway, since I brought it all this way, might as well give it a whirl, right pal?
OK, now I'll tell you how to use this baby! There's a listening device or some other sort of bug hidden in this room, pal.
Right. Now, first, let's turn the sweeper on. Next, touch the sweeper and take a real good look around the room with it, pal. You can see how strong the radio waves are in an area by looking at the CHECK gauge. Once you find something that's giving off strong waves, the gauge will change... And when that happens, touch the gauge to really give the thing a long hard stare. There's a lot of things here that's going to give off radio waves, so let's take a good look at anything and everything that
Hey! So did you guys find it yet? The listening device, I mean...
Let's see, let's see... A perfectly normal stuffed bear with some really strong radio waves... Sounds like you found the device to me, pal. Let's dig this big fella's eye out and see what we've got.
Oomph! *rip!*
...
It's a miniature camera... And it looks like there's more. There's a... transmitter, and a timer.
A transmitter, pal.
Yup. It's a pinhole CCD camera, pal. It's a small, high-grade video camera mostly used in security systems.
It runs on a battery, which comes with it in a set.
This is only the camera part here, pal. The tape recorder with the tape inside it is somewhere else.
The footage is changed into radio waves and then it's sent to that recorder.
Hey, you know, you're right!
It's a device that sends footage the camera took to a specific destination. It's like a video version of a listening device, pal.
Oh, that's a timer, pal. You can set it to turn the camera on and record at a certain time with it.
Yup. Let's see... This looks like it was set to start at 8 PM and go for one hour.
There's no date set, so it's been recording every night, I'd guess.
Um, I'm pretty sure it's been here since the night of the murder.
Maybe this camera caught the murder on tape!
And if you think about the angle the bear is at... It's bound to have had a clear shot of the whole crime, pal!
And I'm sure it was here on the night of the murder, pal. It's pretty big, so it stands out pretty well in my mind.
I, ah, don't know, pal. But! This means that someone out there's got a video of what happened here that night!
It's impossible, pal. Radio waves can be sent almost anywhere, so there's no real way to find out...
So... the assassin's name is Shelly de Killer?
And because he's "Shelly", that's why he leaves a "shell" card?
... Ho ho ho ho! Oh, that's great. But you know, no matter how strange I may seem, at least my jokes don't make you cringe. Right, pal?
A camera this size lasts about 3 hours with a fresh battery pack, pal.
Well, I'd say taking a secret video of the murder.
This device looks like it was made by the criminal themselves. If it's only sending images, then I'd say it'd last about 80 hours, pal.
Well, no... I mean... You're making me embarrassed, putting me on the spot like this.
Yeah, but I don't think the bear itself is a clue to this case at all.
... ...I got it!
Hey, pal. Let me borrow this mini camera for a bit!
I'm going to go around to the electronic shops and see if I can find out who bought this!
Leave it to me! Even if I have to search all night, I'll find your man, pal!
Oh yeah, baby! It's investigating time! I'm on fire, pal! My fingers are itching to go! Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah!
We're in trouble now, pal! I'll... I'll be back at the office really soon!
Something really unexpected just happened! Mr. Edgeworth... He...
Anyway, hurry up and get back to the office, pal! I don't know what's going on anymore! It's no good! The end! I --
Hey, pal! Mr. Edgeworth's already back!
We got 'em! We know who bought that spy camera!
And this bear's what gave them away, pal!
I figured it out, pal! I figured that we should've been looking into the bear instead of the camera!
There's only one person who bought one of those bears who's related to this crime!
...Matt Engarde.
Matt Engarde. Your client, that's who, pal!
I heard it from the department store clerk, pal. This is the credit card receipt for the purchase. It's for $3,800, pal. That's an exact match to the price of that stuffed bear.
Nah, it's not just the receipt, pal. The store clerk said so himself. He told me, "I'm sure I sold the bear to Mr. Engarde." I mean, the clerk even got Mr. Engarde's autograph out of it, pal. So I'm sure the person that bought the stuffed bear was Mr. Engarde himself!
Ah, that was a dead end, pal. I mean, you can get this kind of thing from anywhere. But for now, I guess I can give these back to you for you to file away into evidence.
Have you heard anything from the kidnapper...?
Well, we know his goal is to get an acquittal for Matt Engarde... So, I don't think he'll hurt Maya, because that's not going to help him at all. Come on! We can't lose hope, pal!
That Engarde... What was he thinking?
Yeah! And it was recording at the time of the murder too, pal. Don't you find that just a tad suspicious? It doesn't sound like a coincidence to me...
Ah! I mean, don't mind me! I didn't mean it that way, pal...
My impression of her has totally changed, pal.
I'm sure she's still being questioned. She sure got herself into quite a big mess trying to frame Mr. Engarde. She'll probably be spending the night at the detention center...
I know you don't want to give up, pal...
I bet it was to catch Ms. Andrews and Mr. Corrida in one of their rendezvous.
Are you going to see him? Mr. Engarde, I mean.
......You're really mean, pal.
They let me join the investigation team and we're chasing after De Killer, pal!
Sorry, but right now we've got zero leads on the guy... But we're not going to give up!
Until the trial is over... until the verdict is handed down, we're going to do everything we can and find De Killer! If we can get Maya out, then you can get Engarde the guilty verdict he deserves, pal!
You got that!? So you have to do whatever you can to make the trial last longer!
If you go at Mr. Edgeworth with everything you've got, then you two can draw it out!
I believe in you, pal! You and Mr. Edgeworth can do it! So! Believe in us! We're going to give it all we've got, just like you!
How is it going!? Have you been hanging in there, pal!?
Phew. That's good, pal.
Um, uh... We still don't have any leads, but...
If we just had one! Even a single clue would be really helpful...
There's only one, pal! The Berry Big Circus!
Wh-What!? ... OK, hold on a sec, pal! Hey! Draw a circle on that map! About a 300 feet radius from the main tent! Hurry!
Hmm... OK! What else?
I heard her! An old office building. Good stuff, pal! OK, just hang in there! Just a little longer, pal! Wish us luck!
I'll call you later, so don't let your battery die, OK pal!?
... *sigh*...
He, uh... He got away...
I'm sorry, pal! I really am! I don't know what to say besides I'm sorry. I wish there was some way to make it up to you! I really do!
We found his hideout, pal. But... the two of them were already gone...
I'm going to keep looking for them, pal. Don't you worry! I just need a little more time!
Don't tell me we don't... we don't have any more...
Mr. Wright... I can't... For us to come this far and... ... Oh!
Let me talk to Mr. Edgeworth!
Mr. Edgeworth!?
Please! You've got to buy us some more time!
Ah! I-Is that Mr. Edgeworth!?
R-Right! It looks like we just missed them, sir. But De Killer left a few things behind by accident in his rush to get away.
Ho ho ho. I thought you'd ask, pal!
I've got the things he left with me right now and I'm on my way over!
We don't have time to wait for those guys, sir! When those guys weren't looking, I swiped the stuff and ran!
Well... I'm not a detective anymore, so I had to... I'm really sorry, sir, but I've got to put the law on hold for now!
With my hunk of junk car, I'd say I'll be there in about 20 minutes, sir! Don't worry! I'll be there! Wait for me!
I'm on a mission and no one can stop me now, sir! No one! I'm pulling out all the stops and running every red light!
... No one can stop... I'm...
Hey, pal! Sorry to keep you guys waiting!
Yeah, but I'm really embarrassed. I didn't think I would hit a telephone pole, of all things.
Well, pal... At least we can put this messy case behind us now. Come on! Tonight's all about eating, so let's go chow down, pal!
Huh? Me? ...You really think so?
Ah, well, you know... It's... Ho ho. Ho ho ho ho. Ho ho ho ho ho. ...Huh? Wait. That's odd... When I ran off with the things from De Killer's hideout... I was sure I took 4 things total, sir.
Yeah, I'm sure I put one of the items in my coat pocket...
Ah! That's! That's Ms. von Karma's receiver! Ugh. Thanks to her, I had the most awful experience of my life, sir! I can't believe she stuck a tracking device on me...
Oh... It's probably busted or something, sir.
Ah, yeah... I'm kinda at the point where I can't even buy instant noodles, pal. So I kinda already put your name on the bill.
Yeah, pal! Time to let it all out!
Well, pal. It looks like I'm back on the force again. Mr. Edgeworth had a long talk with the Chief, and he got me reinstated for my sake! I heard he said things like, "Letting that one go is bad for all of society." I knew it! Crashing headlong into everything is the only way to live, pal!
When I ran off with the things from De Killer's hideout... I was sure I took 4 things total, sir.
