Oh! It's you, little missy! ...Um, ahh... Actually, my name is Gumshoe. "Detective Dick Gumshoe"! Now is a good chance for you to try to remember it right!
Um... Yeah... Good to see you again, too, I guess.
Oh, you're trying to remember my name! Atta girl! ...Um, just... It's "Gumshoe", OK? Anyway, the thief stole something called the "Sacred Urn..."
Oh. W-Well, the criminal's name is Mask☆DeMasque...
W-Well... I guess I sorta kinda owe you guys... in a way... The crime occurred last night at around 1:30 in the morning.
We got an emergency phone call from a guard at the scene of crime, pal. He said, "The urn was just stolen!"
Wrong. That urn was being kept under careful guard in the basement warehouse.
That guy! It's all his fault that the thief got away, pal! He solves one case and gets a swelled head, thinking that he's an Ace Detective!
Sometimes he appears as a museum guard! Sometimes he appears as a big brown bear known to surprise unsuspecting victims. But underneath those disguises is... the true Mask☆DeMasque!
And he only goes after the finest work of art, pal. Last night was his 5th heist! If Lordly Tailor had only cooperated, I could have caught him this time...
Of course I did! The guy always sends his calling card before he steals something.
That's what he calls himself, pal... I didn't make it up.
Well, like I told you, Mask☆DeMasque has made five heists so far. On the 4th heist, Mr. Ace Detective managed to get the stolen treasure back.
Yeah. I gotta admit it, pal. Maybe he really is as good as he says. Every time the thief sends one of his calling cards, we send our men on a stakeout... But none of us has ever gotten so much as a glimpse of the guy...
Anyway, he's at the scene of crime right now, looking for clues.
Here it is. But don't show it to anyone! It's top-secret, OK, pal?
That's Mask☆DeMasque's signature emblem, pal. You could say it's his "mark". All of his calling cards have got it on them.
We're withholding that detail from the public for "operational reasons"... The only way we can tell if a calling card is real or not is by this emblem.
Are you still showing that cheap little thing off? A real man keeps his mouth shut... and carries a suave police badge, pal.
...To be honest, pal, there's something that bugs me.
All the other items that were stolen by Mask☆DeMasque were ones even I had heard of. They were all world-famous treasures. The "Tear od Emanon" or the "Crown of Bongora"...
Remember! Don't tell anyone about that emblem. OK, pal?
No, always to the victims. Up until now, the victims have always come to us looking for help though.
You got that right, pal. Listen up! If you guys ever get one of these calling cards... ...I want you to come to us right away! Got me?
Pretty goofy-looking face, if you ask me.
Oh! That's Ms. Mia Fey! She was a truly beautiful person, pal.
Sure. Everybody in the police force knew her. ...We all lost a great friend that day...
I-I just got something in my eye...! ...I'm not crying!
I've been on this guy's tail ever since his first heist, pal!
...Oof! Listen pal, if you wanna jump high, first you gotta crouch down, right? I'm a little frustrated now, but it'll make it that much sweeter when I catch him! ...Anyway, that's what I keep telling myself every day.
Aww, ain't you sweet. You're the only one that's ever said that!
...Sorry, pal. I didn't get much sleep last night and my brain's not really working right.
Ummm... I can hear everything you are saying, pal.
...Sorry, pal. I didn't get much sleep last night and my brain's not really working right.
Ummm... I can hear everything you are saying, pal.
Oho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho! It's me. Gumshoe.
I'll tell you what's funny, pal! I finally beat him! I beat Mr. Ace Detective! Finally! This underdog is the alpha dog today! That stuck-up detective's met his match! Yup! I finally caught him! Lock, stock and barrel! There's no escape for him!
Bingoooo! Well... Actually, he surrendered... ...But I still got him!
Um, ahh, well ya see... I was gonna tell you...
Do you think you can swing by the detention center sometime?
He wants to talk to you... Mask☆DeMasque, that is.
I'll be waiting for you, pal. So get over here soon.
Hey, pal! Welcome to the detention center!
Yup. After all, we got Mask☆DeMasq--
Oh, Sorry about that, pal... I guess I didn't really think about it before... But you're the "victim" in this case.
Well, I guess I should let you guys hear the story straight from the horse's mouth.
Um, my name is...
...Urk.
Y-Yes, sir.
Yes, sir!
Mask☆DeMasque is a master thief that first started his crime spree 6 month years ago.
Mask☆DeMasque is a master thief that first started his crime spree 6 month years ago.
Yup! Nobody knows more about the thief than me, pal! It's true! I'm a... Zvarri...! "Author on thieves"!
The fact that this guy can slip through even my fingers shows how good he is, pal!
You got it, pal! Except maybe for the thief's mom, that is!
You don't mean... "Detective Zvarri", do you?
His name is Luke Atmey, sir. I guess I shouldn't have made up such a silly name for him.
Anyway, it's true that he did manage to retrieve the last item the thief stole.
...Urk! I-It looks like the thief is playing with me, even now!
He's so confident that he sends his calling card before he even commits the crime!
Of course I have. Except... The person in charge of the Treasure Exhibit never brought their card to the police... So I didn't see this one intil after the crime occurred.
Well, all the cards have one common, identifying feature. But we're not releasing that information to the general public...
This was his fifth heist, and as usual, he sent a card on to Lordly Tailor.
Objection, pal! That ain't fair! Maybe you could say I screwed up four times! But this last time wasn't my fault! I didn't know about the calling card this time!
I just want everyone here in the courtroom to know something! If you ever get a calling card from this guy, don't call some stupid private eye! Call your local police right away. Got me?
His pattern is to always go after only the most precious art pieces.
Well, his first target was the famous "Tear of Emanon".
N-No, sir. It's a blue diamond. A single, rare diamond. Next was the "Crown of Bongora"... You know, the thing you put on your head. After that was the "Left Hand of Hades" and then the "Portrait of Mejeena", sir. Detective Atmey retrived the "Portrait of Mejeena" and returned it to the museum.
Well, we assume he must have some underworld connections.
That's why we're sure it was Mask☆DeMasque, sir. It fits his M. O. to a T!
Ugh... I wish you would listen a little more closely, pal. First of all, there's the calling card. We're 100% certain it's authentic. Then there's the fact that he seemed to know all about the security system. And finally, his target was an art piece. These are all part of the thief's modus operandi.
That's right! It means that Mask☆DeMasque is behind it!
...Just hearing the "little" in that question is making me nervous.
That's right, pal.
Wh-What do you mean!?
Urk!
But the Mask☆DeMasque in the security camera photo... Ahh!! He has no broach!!
...! I-I've been fooled agaaaaaain!
I-I'm sorry, sir! I don't know how I...
Ah...!
Wh-Why didn't you tell me about that, sir!?
Whaaa...?
Huh? You're done with me? But I haven't proved anything yet.
...That doesn't sound good at all.
Hey! It's you guys!
Today was a real train wreck for you guys, huh?
Yeah... I feel for you.
D-Do I really sound like that to you, pal?
Um... Well, anyway... The point is I can tell when someone puts their heart into their jobs. And I can sympathize when things don't go your way. ...Sometimes, I feel like "wrong" is the only way things go for us detectives.
Um, the victim sat in that chair just before he was brutally killed, you know.
Hey! Cut it out! Don't press that!
It's an emergency buzzer! It says it right there on the panel!
This alarm's connected to the basement guard room. It's used to summon security up here.
Yeah, I thought about that, so I asked around down there... ...but they said that the buzzer never went off that night. Also, we couldn't find any fingerprints on the buzzer. Mr. Bullard, the victim, wasn't wearing any gloves, by the way. Just so you know.
Umm, OK. But the thing is, I'm really not supposed to...
OK, OK! I tell you! Just don't start crying on me, OK pal?
The victim's name is Kane Bullard. He was the CEO of KB Security and a pretty big fella in his own right. His corpse was discovered at 9:00 this morning... His estimated time of death was 1:00 in the morning on October 12th. Cause of death was blunt force trauma to the head. Probably an object in this room.
There's a good explanation for that one. Bullard's body was stashed away inside the safe.
Nobody had heard from him, and when they opened the safe this morning, out he came...
He's at the detention center screaming like a madman... "Investigate me agaaaaain!" he keeps yelling.
Oh, you mean that "Detective" Atmey? Ho ho ho ho ho... Oh, that was great! That guy got what he deserved! Ho ho ho ho!
Think about it... Atmey was always around when a calling card showed up. But he always mysteriously disappeared when the heists took place! "I was hiding at the crime scene"... Heh! Yeah right! That's the lamest thing I've ever heard! That's how you just knew he was the thief!
Yeah, he just did that to make himself look like a great detective. That's all. ...But there's this one thing I can't figure out about his first heist...
Yeah, the "Tear of Emanon" case. There was a witness on that one.
Here, I saved the newspaper clipping... Since the thief is already under arrest, you guys can keep it.
Yeah, I think he did it that way just 'cause he knew it'd hurt more... That's what my gut tells me anyway.
Prosecutor Godot? He's quite the enigma, huh? The thing is, pal... I never even heard of the guy before. He just showed up one day at the prosecutor's office. ...Came outta nowhere.
And it's true... According to the records, anyway. But! Noway he's an amateur. He's an iceman in court, a maverick that give* me goosebumps.
Yeah. I knew something was off about him, so I asked around... Nobody would talk to me... They all just turned the other way.
Ah, no. That's not what I meant...
Well, the company basically sends security teams out to buildings to guard them. Mr. Bullard must've had the chance to learn a lot of secrets doing this kinda work.
And... I don't know how to put this, but the guy was kind of a moneygrubber.
Anyway, it looks like he did some pretty shifty stuff to earn his millions.
Apperantly he was involved in selling trade secrets between rival companies.
Yeah. Oh! KB Security used to head security operations against Mask☆DeMasque.
Yeah, and after screwing up so many times... ...the company's reputation really took a nosedive.
Hey! Thanks, pal! How did you know I had a sore throat anyway? ...*chomp*
Ack! Sorry, that thing's all smooth and shiny, so I thought it was a piece of candy or something.
I almost swallowed it too, pal...
I still got no idea why Mask☆DeMasque would go after a broken old pot like...
Ah, I mean this tasteful, old family heirloom...
Yup. The thing is, there's no evidence that the photo was tampered with. It was definitely taken at 12:58 AM.
That's right. Because he was the real thief! He wanted it to look like he was knocked out... So he bent it on purpose. I'd stake my reputation on it.
Yeah, I've been thinking a lot about it, too, pal. Why would Kane Bullard have been blackmailing Ron DeLite anyway...?
Well... I'm in the middle of investigating that right now.
This is proof that Ron DeLite was here at the crime scene when the murder happened.
Huh? What's that?
So? What are you whispering about?
That's a pretty thick billfold you got there, pal. ...Now I really want you to show it to me.
This was his first heist, and I guess I underestimated him. I was sure I was going to get him, so I was careless and lost the info on the witness.
Yeah, he and the detective worked together to try catching Mask☆DeMasque...
That guard... I got the weird feeling that I've seen him around lately.
Oh! That's Ms. Mia Fey! She was a truly beautiful person, pal.
Sure. Everybody in the police force knew her. ...We all lost a great friend that day... I-I just got something in my eye...! ...I'm not crying!
You're such a familiar face to me now, you know? And now that I think about it, you're the real victim in this case, right? But for some strange reason, it's hard to think of you as a victim, pal.
Ha ha. You know, pal... I think I know why I can't think of you as a victim, ever.
I kind of feel sorry for him. He's kind of a sad young guy.
Well, it's just my personal opinion, but... I think the police should've investigated the whole thing more carefully.
I know I look a little rough around the edges. But the truth is, I'm a lot more "detective-like" than I used to be.
...Like the color of my coat.
I always knew there was something suspicious about this guy! And I was right! It turned out that DeMasque was really that "Ace Detective" in disguise!
Huh? Of course! It's the stone-cold truth! Sooner or later, a guy like that always shows his true colors...
Yeah... I gotta agree with you on that one.
The guy is a real puzzle, if you ask me. Then maybe I should be asking you! Do YOU know something about him?
Well, it sure sounded like you two each other from the way you acted today.
I still say the whole thing's a bit suspect.
That's "Kane Bullard", not "Shane Bluebard", pal.
Yeah, and his body wasn't discovered until this morning.
Sorry... I'm actually a little confused myself. For some reason, I'm just blabbing like an idiot right now...
Sorry... It's hard to believe, but there's a limit to how much my brain can hold. I got two ears and two eyes, but I only got one brain.
Sorry, pal... To be honest, my head is so full right now it feels like it's gonna burst.
