Gumshoe. Dick Gumshoe. I'm the homicide detective in charge of the case, sir! I finally got promoted to the detective division half a year ago!
Hey, ma'am! You got any idea how much work it takes... ......
You... Y-You're really gorgeous...
No, seriously... My heart... It's aching for you...
Urk... O-OK, I-I got it!
Yes, sir! Right away! The victim was Sergeant Valerie Hawthorne, a veteran on the police force. She was stabbed in the back with a knife and died from excessive blood loss.
Yes, sir! I gotcha! OK! Let's take a look at this aerial map of the area here! This is a sketch of Dusky Bridge, an old suspension bridge. And the river that runs under there is Eagle River. The victim and the defendant met there... On top of the bridge. After stabbing her in the back, the killer carried the victim back to his car. He was recaptured at a police checkpoint as he was trying to make his getaway, sir.
The victim, Sergeant Valerie Hawthorne, was wearing a thick coat, sir. Unfortunately, no traces of blood were found on the bridge.
Um... Yes, sir!
On the day of the incident, an unknown person phoned the sergeant and asked to meet.
On the day of the incident, an unknown person phoned the sergeant and asked to meet.
Sorry, but I'm afraid I do!
The one who called Sergeant Hawthorne was the defendant, Terry Fawles!
Sergeant Hawthorne was a very thorough person, sir! She left a note about her phone call with Mr. Fawles.
Yeah, a top-secret memo that she left on her desk.
Hey now! Don't make that face at me! I just said it that way 'cause the prosecutor told me to!
Sergeant Hawthorne went to Dusky Bridge at the designated time and met with Mr. Fawles.
Because it is a very important place to the defendant, that's why.
The very place where Sergeant Hawthorne arrested and handcuffed Mr. Fawles.
And that's where she was brutally murdered, sir.
Yeah. We were really on the ball. We found the criminal within one hour of the murder. It was great! We even got to say, "Don't move! We've got you surrounded!"
She never mentioned the phone call from Mr. Fawles. But... She left a note on her desk about it. If only I had noticed it earlier... Maybe she'd still be alive.
The criminal stuffed her body into his car trunk and tried to make a getaway.
Well, that bridge is way up in the mountains, ma'am. The defendant and the victim both went up there by car. I mean, how else, right?
No, no, of course not. ...It was stolen. He stole it from a young couple that had been waiting at a red light.
This is a photo of the stolen car's trunk. ...Naturally, that's the body of Valerie Hawthorne in there.
Yeah.
You can't tell from this photo, but... ...the knife was stuck in her back nice and firm.
Here's a photo of the trunk. But I don't see anything strange, do you? Anyway...
What he always says, ma'am!
...That's all he says.
It's just what he always says, Your Honor. And then he always says...
...Or something like that.
Mr. Fawles was arrested at a police checkpoint we set up at the base of the mountain.
Well, no, actually it was way too close for comfort. We set up that checkpoint just after 5:00 PM... We figured that Mr. Fawles might just try to run.
............
Y-Yes, ma'am!
Y-Yeah, that's what I said!
The n-n-note...?
Aaah... I, umm...!
Um... Well, to be honest, we didn't find it in the trunk, ma'am...
Aaaaaaarrrggg...!
Wh-Where did you find that, sir!?
Wh-Why...? Why didn't you tell me?
Actually, there's an eyewitness who was there when the incident took place.
Well... They said they absolutely did not want to testify.
Actually, there's an eyewitness who was there when the incident took place.
She's a college student!
That's right! Meaning she's "female" AND a "college student", ma'am! She doesn't do well in front of other people, so I came to testify for her.
It means she's "female" AND a "college student", sir!
This photo was accidentally taken by the witness. It shows her wearing the scarf, sir.
She was taking photos of wild flowers apparently.
No, Your Honor, no... I don't think it's a ghost.
It was drizzling that day; unfortunately, it's a little hard to see what's going on.
That's right. There was a light rain coming down. The whole place was dreary... ...But not as dreary as the mood that's in this court room right now. Ha ha.
...Looks like a cold front just moved in.
I even slipped and fell while I was on the bridge. It was really something.
Anyway, the criminal shoved the victim down from behind and stabbed her in the back!
Of course it is. He pushed the victim hard in the back and she fell down right on her stomach!
...That must have been when the scarf fell off.
That's what the witness said. Well. It looks like she didn't remember about the scarf. But from what she said, it sounded like a pretty violent fight, ma'am.
Yeah, and fog, too. Just a generally soggy atmosphere.
Urk...!
Yeah. ...That's what the witness told us.
