Hey, you were the one who called me up here... sir. Name's Dick Gumshoe. I'm a homicide detective down at the precinct.
Hey, you!
Today's the day, pal. Today, I win, and you lose! I got confidence in my testimony today, see.
Huh...?
Urk.
It happened six days back, in a room at the General Hospital! The facts are as simple as they come. Here's the crime scene. The victim was a patient, asleep in a hospital bed. The killer comes in, puts a pistol to his forehead, and bam. Lights out. ...Them's the facts.
Anyhow, the retired Magnifi's been in the hospital for the last year. Hmm, what was it? A mall-ignorant tutor or something. Doing something to his liver, I think. Yeah.
Incidentally, the victim had a serious case of diabetes.
Y-Yes, sir!
Actually... the victim kind of ordered the defendant to do him in.
Unfortunately, even the defendant won't say a peep about that bit, sir.
Actually... the victim kind of ordered the defendant to do him in.
...Thanks, pal.
A few days before it happened, the victim sent a letter "ordering" his own murder.
There it is! Gotcha! You're all mine this time, pal.
I had the handwriting checked out, of course. It's the victim's, no mistake!
Ha ha ha ha ha! Score one for the boys!
...So anyway, guess I'll keep going while I'm ahead!
The defendant did what was asked of him, and shot the old man in the forehead!
Hey, you gotta learn to stop relying on people to do your thinking for you, pal. Learn to think for yourself! Get that noggin cranking!
First, we got this letter. It says "shoot... in the forehead" loud and clear.
Well, maybe you need to grow yourself a backbone, pal.
We also found the defendant's pistol at the scene.
Hey, I still got stuff to talk about, pal!
Bingo, pal! That's why the defendant popped him one in the forehead!
OK, so he practiced first on the doll, then shot him!
Yeah, but no one did come, did they, pal? Besides, it's what I woulda done. "Always look before you shoot," I say.
The bullet was fired from the pistol found at the scene, no doubt about it.
...That's the one! It's a funny-looking gun so there's no mistaking it.
You bet we did!
You got it, sir! Here she is!
It's a stage pistol for magic shows, see. But it can fire real bullets.
Yeah, but it can only hold one round. ...By the way, the pistol's firing chamber is empty. ...And it shows traces of having been fired recently.
And the pistol definitely belonged to the old man, sir!
What pile of sand has your head been stuck in all this time, pal? You never heard of "Zak & Valant's Quick-Draw Shootem"?
One of the defendant's specialties. Zak and Valant stand on either side of a girl! Then, they shoot! But the bullets don't hit her! Intead, they hit everything else on stage!!! This was one of the pistols they used in their show. Got a great design, huh? The kids love it.
Troupe Gramarye stopped doing that act a while ago. The old man held on to that pistol ever since.
You got it, sir! Here she is!
It's a stage pistol for magic shows, see. But it can fire real bullets.
Yeah, but it can only hold one round. ...By the way, the pistol's firing chamber is empty. ...And it shows traces of having been fired recently.
So what if he shot the clown? He still shot the victim, pal!
Hey! Not a bad summary, pal!
Y-Yeah, but like I just said, pal... ...after he shot the clown in the forehead, he went and...
Ah...!
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeargh!
...Ugh.
