Oh? Seems like I run into you far too often. I'll bet I know why you're here, too.
I've heard about it, sure. So Mr. Wright chose you, huh?
Well, he was killed. The artist who owns this studio, that is. Mr. Drew Misham.
And his daughter was put under arrest.
You don't say. Not even by poisoning? That's how it was done, you know. Poisoning's a common way to get the job done, when the murderer is a woman.
Anyway, Mr. Wright told me you'd be coming. Feel free to take a look around. I'll just be over here. With my Snackoos.
Ah, that's the victim's coffee mug.
...... "Poisoned Coffee"...? Not exactly, actually.
No traces of poison were found in the coffee.
...You'll have to figure out the rest yourself. I'm officially not on your side, after all.
That coffee mug... it's not what you'd expect. No traces of poison were found in the coffee.
Yet the only thing the victim drank that night was this coffee... ...so the poison definitely reached him through this mug.
Look... Just figure it out yourselves, OK? I have my "position" here to consider.
That's the spot where Mr. Drew Misham passed away. He put the coffee mug to his lips, and the next moment...
See that half-painted painting there? He must have been working on that right up to the moment he died.
Or maybe he started it a year ago and was procrastinating.
The other half of that letter box is actually connected to the outside of the studio. Mr. Misham would put his letters in there... ...and the postman took them away.
I imagine this coffee cup was for guests to use.
Not a trace of poison was found on that cup.
That would be a drafting table.
Basically, it's a tool for making precise diagrams.
He had everything from a lathe to a laser cutter. Looks like he was ready to work on metals and wood, too. ...Though his equipment's a bit old, to tell the truth.
From the dust, I'd say he hasn't used this stuff for years.
That was most likely for sweeping detritus off the desk.
Bold and scientific, that's my motto.
Yes, they took that some years ago. They look close. A happy little family.
...Ack! Look, I was personally against that, OK? She just didn't seem very suspicious. Scientifically speaking.
Apparently. Did a lot of illustrations for books, I hear. Had a lot of female fans, too, for what it's worth.
Um... yeah. That... wasn't one of his illustrations, actually.
He was an odd bird, Misham. Hadn't shown his face to anyone until the end.
He was always locked up here in this studio, apparently. His only connection to the outside world... ...was through letters he'd put in that letter box there.
Not Mr. Misham. Couldn't stand technology, it seems. He did everything by mail.
In any case, the only person besides him allowed in here... ...was his daughter, Vera.
We took some fingerprints, of course. The only ones found in the room were Mr. Misham's and Vera's, basically.
Actually, last night... ...Mr. Misham gave an interview to a reporter for the first time. It happened during the interview, apparently.
His first interview ever...?
Yep. A real sickly girl, ever since she was little. Hardly ever went outside.
She was home-schooled by her father, apparently. It was quite a scene when they took her to the detention center. She was screaming about how she'd die "if they took her outside".
In the end, she agreed to leave if she was allowed her "good luck charm" for company.
Apparently, she has this charm that magically gives her the courage to go outside.
Don't look at me.
No... Not precisely.
Like I said. Last night was the first time someone from the "outside" came into this studio. I guess mysterious painters who never go outside make for good articles.
...At around 9:00 PM every night... ...Vera always made him a cup of coffee. Last night, he drank his usual coffee, and suddenly became violently ill...
He wasn't near Mr. Misham when she brought her father his coffee. He was checking out some equipment in the back of the room. ...Supposedly, that's why she didn't notice he was there. It was the reporter who called the police, in fact.
Yet the reporter never got near Mr. Misham's coffee. Even Vera acknowledges that.
I can't tell you much. I hear he's going to be a witness tomorrow, though.
Huh? What are you two whispering about?
Ah, you know me too well! OK...
Oh, I suppose. Just this once! Bring me anything you find suspicious and we'll check it out.
Oh, that? Quite good, isn't it.
You want to examine it, is that it? I'd be happy to let you, if you had a good reason. But without that... sorry.
Ah. Aaah. That one? What about it?
...I was hoping you wouldn't find that. You're right, though. Drew Misham was copying this painting.
I hope you aren't trying to grill me for information. You know I'm not talking.
Why don't you two take a look yourselves? If you find a clue, I might not be unwilling to lend a hand.
Eh? Ah! Th-That! Yes, well, it's just a rumor... ...but I've heard there's a kind of coffee called "Blue Mountain"!
Ah. Right. OK, you got me. That's left over from my testing spray.
It's not a "hobby"!
This spray, that's what. It turns blue when it touches poison.
That's right. See? It wasn't in the coffee. The killer applied it to the rim of the mug itself!
Oh! Th-That! Y-Yes, why that's a bright red envelope.
...... My lips are sealed.
Sure. I read it, after all.
Hah! Please! I would have steamed it open.
Know that I have a powerful weapon on my side.
Yes! The use of tools! Highly specialized tools for information gathering.
Look, I'm a detective. A detective! You can't just ask me any old thing and expect an answer, OK? I think you need to be a little more focused in your inquiries. Scientific, even.
...I was afraid you were going to ask about that. See, this solution is used to test for atroquinine.
Atroquinine! The deadly poison found in the autopsy!
It's one of the most virulent poisons, but is absorbed into the body astonishingly slowly. It takes at least 15 minutes from the time of ingestion for adverse effects to show. Oh, and guess what!? Recent research has shown...
Precisely! You can find even the slightest trace of poison with this!
You don't have to ask twice! ...I already used it on everything suspicious, of course.
Aaaaaaugh! Where, where!?
Well, would you look at that. Nice going, Trucy.
But, you found your clue already. Isn't that enough? This stuff isn't cheap, you know?
Ah! I'm afraid I can't tell you, because he's going to be a witness tomorrow, I hear.
Eh heh heh, you want to know about my tool do you? It's called an X-Ray Analyzer.
That's right! At least, that's what I call it.
It has a real name, but it's much more complicated: the X-Ray Spectraliziation... ...something. How am I supposed to remember all that?
That's right! You're sharp, Trucy! But it's a bit more complicated than that, in practice, of course. Actually, to tell the truth, I'm not really sure how it works, scientifically.
Oh, I suppose. ...Of course, I've already checked out everything suspicious myself.
Right. Let's test it on a sample, first. It just so happens that I have a lottery ticket here. You set the sample in the device like so...
Patience. There's no need to get all antsy. Look at the right side of the screen. That's the "layer view" of the envelope.
You've got it set to display the outside of the envelope now, see? Actually, it's quicker to just have you give it a try. Turn that dial there for me, would you? That's right. That's how you choose what "depth" you want to scan.
See? That's how you can read the letters on the ticket inside. Cool, huh?
Just turn the dial a little more. What you have to understand is that a sheet of paper isn't really flat at all. When you zoom in that much, you see that paper is like a bunch of hills and valleys.
This x-ray device uses a beam with a wavelength of only 0.05 microns! It breaks cards down into thin layers, so it can only show what's written on that layer.
That's why we go on to step two! Try rubbing the image a bit, if you would.
There. That fixes the image on the screen. Now, turn the dial again, just a little. Good. Now you can rub this image to "fix" it, too.
Exactly! Not bad!
OK, let's print this one out.
Ah ha ha. See! This is the true hidden power of my weapon. Neat, huh?
It's OK, there's no need. But see, this is the true hidden power of my weapon. Neat, huh?
At least you know where you stand, eh? Anyway, now you see the true hidden power of my weapon. Neat, huh?
Now let's try it out on the real thing, shall we?
OK, let's print this one out.
There's another page in there. ...Care to take a look?
Here goes with the second page, then.
OK, let's print this one out.
Well indeed. ......
Ah! I'm afraid I can't tell you, because he's going to be a witness tomorrow, I hear.
I'll never forget that face, but what was his name...? Oh, right. Brushel.
He's after a scoop to sell to the papers.
It does raise a few questions.
Well, I hear he's on the beat today, too. ...He said something about covering a magician.
Yeah, something like that! He's got some big show lined up, I hear.
Here, I'll give you that reporter's card if you want.
Well, how'd it go? Find anything out?
Wh-What's with that scary face you're making?
Ah, yes. So?
...... I was hoping you wouldn't figure that out.
...I suppose. It's what you think. Drew Misham... was a forger.
...Ah, yes. It's what you think. Drew Misham... was a forger.
Well, basically, it's someone who makes "forgeries". Fakes, in other words.
Copies of an original. Exact copies, so precise, you can't tell them apart.
The big problem with forgeries... ...is that people try to sell them as the real article. It's a crime, of course.
A criminal? I'm afraid so. He received money to create elaborate forgeries. ...To supplement his work in illustration, I guess.
Actually... ...that's why I brought this here in the first place.
When you're trying to determine if a painting is a forgery... ...the rough sketch underneath can be a valuable clue.
...But not in the case of a forgery. Not necessarily, anyway. You know what the finished product is going to look like, after all.
That's why I brought this. I'm going to use it to see what's under the paint of the finished pieces.
Not that I really needed to go to such lengths. Seeing as how one of the paintings was only half-finished anyway.
Oh, fine. Fine! Just this time, though.
OK, let's print this one out.
Devices like mine didn't exist until recently. He probably thought he could draw any sort of thing he wanted to for the rough.
Well, in the past, you could only analyze the composition of a rough sketch.
In other words, the traces of charcoal between paint and canvas. So you could tell if there had been a rough sketch... ...but not what it looked like.
Some pros would actually paint out a rough sketch entirely. Then do a completely new painting on top of that.
Possibly. Is there a problem with that?
Well, sure. You like this detection stuff, don't you?
OK, let's print this one out.
Fine by me. Knock yourself out.
OK, let's print this one out.
...I hesitate to ask why you're getting so excited.
Now you're both white as sheets! What's going on!?
What...?
...What could it mean? How could he have painted those things... and why!?
Wait! Is Drew Misham... ...your father?
It's one of the most virulent poisons, but is absorbed into the body astonishingly slowly. It takes at least 15 minutes from the time of ingestion for adverse effects to show.
Well? Like my Kristoph Gavin impression? Did I sound like him?
Someone had to come dig you all out of the mess you're making of this case.
You know, none of this would happen if you just trusted in science a little more. You can find out if that stamp was in that envelope, easy.
Glare at me all you want, but science is on my side. It's all in the residue, right?
No mistaking it. That's atroquinine residue!
There's one possibility. Maybe Mr. Misham figured it out.
He realized that the person who sent that letter wanted him dead. So he sent his reply with a different stamp.
...So, I was standing around, eating Snackoos the other day... ...when I got this crazy idea! What if they were... golden!? You could augment the crunch, or better yet, make them ding! Ah... the power of science! ...Although the preservatives might not be 100% safe...
