(Hmm... Nope! Not feeling nervous at all! It's amazing what a girl can get used to! Even a tense atmosphere like this is no biggie!)
Oh, Apollo! Y-Yeah, doing great! Like, hum-a-little-tune great!
(Oof! I'm THAT transparent, huh?) Cracking? N-No, my voice isn't cracking! Nerves of steel, here, I tell you! (This is Apollo Justice. He's a fellow lawyer at the office I work for. Apollo is the lead for the defense on this case. But I'm going to be there at the bench with him, doing what I can to help out. I'll do whatever it takes to defend Junie!) Speaking of steel, how are you holding up? That explosion really did a number on you...
You got that right! I won't rest until Junie is completely cleared of all suspicion!
Junie!
Hey, are you okay?
(This is Juniper Woods. She's my dear, dear childhood friend, and she's also our client for this case. The news keeps repeating that Junie is the "alleged bomber"... But that's ridiculous! There's no way Junie would do anything like that!)
Hey, thanks! So, um... Is this an orange or a tangerine?
Oh, I get it! Strength for the trial, right? (Junie... You're always so good to me. Geez, look at me! Standing here clutching an orange to my chest with tears in my eyes...) Well, don't you worry! We'll be so powerful in there, they won't know what hit them! Right, Apollo?!
Apollo!
(Blood is seeping through his bandages! One of his wounds must've reopened. All this time, he was trying to put on a brave face, but he was really overdoing it.)
(Huh?)
(What?! Now?! But Apollo's in no state to defend!)
(What are we gonna do?! The trial is about to start, with or without us! There's only one other option I can think of at a time like this... But even if I called him now, he'd never get here in time! .........No, wait! There's something else I can do!) Apollo, give me all the evidence for the case.
Bailiff.
The defense would like to submit a substitution of attorney petition.
You just concentrate on getting better. I'll defend Junie!
¡No hay problema! I can handle it! (I think.) But I guess it's really up to you, Junie. Would you be okay with me taking over?
You're worried for me, aren't you? To be honest, I'm pretty nervous, too. I think my heart might just burst out of my chest! But you're in no shape to stand at the bench now. So you'll just have to leave it to me!
You bet I will! Rest assured of that!
(My name is Athena Cykes. I'm still just a newbie, but I'm a lawyer. This is... only the second time I've taken the lead in a defense case. It'll be the first time I stand up there alone, though. But I have to do this! And I'm definitely not about to let anything bad happen to Junie!)
Th-The defense is ready, Your Honor.
(What?! The nerve of that guy! I'm going to give him a piece of my mind! W-Well, I would if I wasn't so nervous... Argh! This arrogant jerk!)
N-No! Widget!
N-N-No! You didn't hear anything at all! Especially not from me!
...Oh, that would be my indispensable partner, Widget. He... sometimes blurts out what I'm thinking.
(A contradiction?)
Eeep! (Actually, it was arrogant jerk...)
(I knew it. He really is an arrogant jerk.)
Ack. I'm very sorry... (It was just a knee-jerk reaction...)
(Maybe the court should see to getting you even shorter robes...)
(Okay, I know how this works. All evidence for the trial is filed in the Court Record. When I want to check something out, I just touch the Court Record Button (R). I'd better take a peek later.)
(Junie's really giving it her all! I'd better make sure I do the same!)
(Something's wrong. Junie's really scared.)
(Grr... Does his arrogance know no bounds?! I have to protect Junie no matter what!) Hey you arrogant je-- Er, Prosecutor Payne!
(Deep breaths, Athena. Don't let him get to you.) P-Prosecutor Payne! Junie is telling the truth! Mr. Justice also backed up her claim when we saw him in the Defendant Lobby. And, Junie, he said that he was glad to get the lotus root you gave him, too.
They can? Then that's the perfect present for a lawyer! (And if that's true, I guess he must not have eaten them...)
Hey, what's that supposed to mean?! Why in the world would Ms. Woods want to do that?!

Now, wait just one minute! If that kind of thing was a motive for blowing things up... ...then every one of our clients would turn into bombers!
(Decisive, huh? I'll believe it when I see it!)
Huh? M-Me?
(Could he BE any more condescending?! Really! What a thoroughly unpleasant man!)
N-Nothing. Not a single thing... (Now, let's see... What was I supposed to do at a time like this...? Oh, I know! The Court Record! The information I need is somewhere in the Court Record!)
Let's see... I believe it was because it was... ...in Mr. Justice's briefcase?
What? No! Of course not! I just thought maybe... he brought it to the courtroom by mistake...?
(Ugh... What in the world am I blathering on about?)
The bomb was... In Your Honor's pocket!
Well, I tried to picture myself as the bomb... If I was in your pocket, you'd surely bring me into the courtroom, naturally.
Ah ha ha... No of course not... That would be silly, now, wouldn't it? (I think I'd better take another good look through the Court Record.)
Mr. Payne! What kind of simpleton do you take me for?! It was stuffed inside a stuffed animal! Its evil intentions covered up by a cute exterior!
(There, how do you like that? Not bad, huh? I AM fine, just like I said from the start! I can do this!)
(That's so wrong on so many levels.)
(WH-WHAAAAAT?!)
(But that doesn't make any sense! Why would Junie's fingerprints be on it?!)
W-Well, I... uh... (I-I can't do it! I can't think of a single thing! But I'd better come up with something... for Junie's sake!)
(Ack, no! I have to say something -- fast! Oh, no! I can't get my voice to work! Why now, of all times...?!)
...Thanks for coming. I hate to admit it, but I was having a real rough time on my own.
You got it, Boss!
Junie's really struggling, Mr. Wright. I get the sense she's afraid of the courtroom itself.
Yeah. It was understandably very traumatic for her.
You go get some rest, Junie, and leave the rest to us!
He sounds exactly like a robot...
Uh, I guess this makes you the Blue Monkey in this barrel of fun, Boss...
............
Okay, Mr. Wright! Let's get to work!
Wh-What?! I don't know what you're talking about!
Hey, put a sock in it, Widget!
Now, let's see... Where were we...?
Oh! Cross-examination! Of course!
What?! Of course I do! What kind of lawyer would I be if I didn't?!
You got it! Basically, we examine a witness's testimony... ...and compare it against the Court Record, searching carefully for any inconsistencies. This green text represents a witness's testimony. Touch the right arrow to advance to the next statement of the testimony. Touch the left arrow to go back to the previous statement. Pay close attention to the testimony, and when you've found an inconsistency... ...touch "Present" (R) to open the Court Record! The Court Record contains information on
Well, that's when you "Press" (L) the witness for more information. Find any inconsistencies or lies in the testimony and reveal them to the court. That's what cross-examination is all about!
I'll do everything I can to help!
If you can't find any contradictions... ...and you flub up too often, don't be afraid to ask me for help! Press X to consult with me when the Consult panel appears. I'll let you know where I think the suspicious statement is!
I bet if I dropped that thing on your foot, you'd be hoppin'!
Well, I'll have you know that I practice presenting evidence every day myself!
P-Presented to me? What...? No, I...
Grr! That does it! I'm gonna start practicing having evidence presented to me every day! And you'd better drink some coffee, Boss! We're gonna be pulling an all-nighter!
Hmm... I guess it's possible he saw the timer if he was wearing those goggles.
Hm? I don't think I follow...
So you're trying to find testimony that conflicts with the evidence, right?
Remember that you can touch "Present" (R) when you want to open the Court Record! If you find evidence that conflicts with the testimony, "Present" (X) it! Let's see... This testimony is about when the bomb went off... So I'd think what state it was in at the time would be pretty important!
Ooh! That was great, Mr. Wright! You found a contradiction right off the bat!
And pointing out every contradiction we find is the best way to do it, right, Boss?!
...I can read your feelings you know, Boss.
Don't worry. I know we need her testimony. But if anybody picks on her again, they'll pay.
Don't worry. I'll stop the proceedings before I let anything bad happen to her.
Junie!
Don't worry, Junie! We're here for you!
Mr. Wright... Can I go give that prosecutor a smack?!
We can't let a creep that bullies innocent girls like this off so easily!
Don't worry about me, just help Junie! Her heart's crying out! She's so scared... so very scared!

Your Honor, please put a stop to this! Mr. Payne is badgering the defendant!
Ugh, as if a gentleman, or even a "gentle man", would behave like he does! Don't let that rude ruffian win!
Not when you're terrorizing a young lady you're not! I'd demand my money back from that manners class if I were you!
Junie's clearly in pain, being forced to recall the bombing like this... She can't even get her words out!
Yes, and they sound incredibly strained. She's so scared... I think she could collapse at any second!
...Okay, Boss! I'll give it a go! After all, this is the whole reason I put all that effort into studying analytical psychology! Auf geht's! Let's do this!
In a nutshell, yes. The emotions and images that I picked up on just now while listening to her testimony... ...I can enter all of that into Widget and use the Mood Matrix to analyze them. There mood markers here reflect fluctuations in Junie's emotions. When she feels happy or is enjoying the memory, the "Happy" marker will light up. When she feels angry or frustrated, the "Angry" marker will react. When she feels sadness or is frightened by a memory, the "Sad" marker will blink. And when she
Yup! Now, let's give it a shot! I'm picking up on some kind of discord -- or noise -- in Junie's heart.
See here? This is what the noise looks like in the Mood Matrix. It's a result of inconsistencies between her testimony and her feelings. If we can pinpoint their inconsistencies, the noise level should drop!
I think I have a good grasp on Junie's emotional state now.
And I'm seeing an unexpected emotion that's inconsistent with the rest of her testimony!
Look at this! When she says, "It fell on top of me," the "Happy" marker is reacting!
There must be a reason for this contradictory emotion! We just need to do some digging! When you find an unexpected emotion... ...touch "Pinpoint" (L)... ...and then select the unexpected emotion or reaction from the four mood markers.
Mr. Wright! The feeling of happiness is spreading throughout Junie's heart! Keep going on this point, and I bet Junie will start to calm down.
Apollo?
How do you feel, Junie? Did talking about Apollo give you some courage?
And see? Your coughing stopped all of a sudden.
Hee hee. Pretty neat, huh? But there's still some noise left, meaning there must still be some discord in Junie's heart.
Let me input this new information and update the Mood Matrix, and we'll be good to go! You remember what to do, right?
That's right! And then you select the unexpected emotion from the mood markers. If we can find the reason for the discord in her heart... ...then we should be able to draw even more new testimony out!
I can see some discord in Junie's heart when I listen to her voice. There must be an unexpected emotion here somewhere! When you find an unexpected emotion... ...touch "Pinpoint" (L)... ...and then select the unexpected emotion or reaction from the four mood markers.
Mr. Wright! I don't sense any discord in Junie's heart anymore!
That's right! I'll just make an update with the new info and we'll have the whole picture! So do you think her new testimony will help?
That's Junie's complete testimony. Not bad, huh, Mr. Wright?
Even elephants and rhinos have some similar characteristics. They're both gray, for example!
Um, I'm pretty sure everybody can clearly see that...
Ooh, that was great, Mr. Wright! You turned things right around!
That was so exciting, Boss! We did it! True to form, you managed to just barely pull it off at the very last moment!
And you got really brave at the end, just when we needed you most, Junie! Thanks to you, we were able to turn things around!
Really? Heh heh. Thanks. So, be honest -- was I any help at all?
That's good to hear! I may still have a lot to learn, but you can bet I'm going to give it my all! I'll be so good that, one day, you'll call me your partner!
Hey, where's Apollo, anyway?
Huh. I guess Apollo can be pretty nice when he wants to be.
With all those injuries? I wonder how he's managing?
Anyway, we'd better go and get him.
Where are you, Apollo? Trial's over for today! C'mon, I know you're...
............
............ Oh, hey, did you read the paper this morning, Boss?
You didn't read it? Then you don't know the big news! Somebody spotted an abominable snowman waaaay up in the mountains!
It might show up in the forest where you live, Junie. So you'd better watch out! Okay?!
............ You really should read the story for yourself. I couldn't even begin to do it justice.
Huh?
Oh, Junie! What was I thinking?! I'm so sorry!
Well, I managed to get her to stop crying. Now she's resting on that sofa over there.
Poor Junie. She believes that the reason Apollo was attacked... ...is because he was helping her look for something in that courtroom.
Who, me?
Me?! I-I'm doing just fine, boss! I mean, yeah, it was a huge shock, but I'm all right! People who've studied analytical psychology are great at times like these. After all, they've learned how to control their own emotions, too!
Yeah... He can't recall anything from the time right before he was assaulted. Nothing about what he was doing in Courtroom No. 4, or who assaulted him. The doctor said it's probably due to that hit he took to the head.
But who in the world would do such a thing, huh, Mr. Wright?! Grr! Just WAIT till I get my hands on the coward who hurt our Apollo!
O-Okay, Boss! You're right. Apollo's assailant can wait until after we clear Junie's name!
Earth to Mr. Wright! I'm ready whenever you are!
You bet!

Junie would never do such a thing! She was devastated when we found Apollo hurt like that!
He may look like a little imp at times, but Apollo can be really nice, too!
Mr. Wright! The NERVE of him leaving that message! Why would he do this?!
A-AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Let's help her relax with a little small talk before we dive into the cross-examination! You know, ask her about her hobbies and her crushes and stuff!
Keep it up, Mr. Wright! It's working! Now ask her if she has a crush on anyone.
J-Junie, Apollo's going to be fine! He's just like the sun, right? Well, the sun doesn't just drop out of the sky!
Look, it's obvious Junie didn't attack Apollo! I mean, that's just ridiculous!
So Apollo was trying to help Juniper... Who knew that Apollo could be such a sweetheart?!
Now that I think about it, there's something odd about what Apollo was able to do.
Uh, Boss... I don't think anyone could follow that logic, even with a tracking device.
Mr. Wright! I'm sensing feelings of doubt from you... Which means... you're just taking a wild stab in the dark, aren't you?
You did it, Boss! It was a real nail-biter, but you pulled it off!
Boss! I'm sensing a definite "smug and braggy" vibe coming off of you...
What?
Gee, Mr. Wright. The judge kind of makes you sound no better than a two-bit con man...
Wh-What now, Boss?!
Maybe it was Apollo's attacker who wrote it, and made it look like Apollo did it?
But wait a minute! I just realized something, Boss.
Look at the amount of blood in the photo. It doesn't look like Apollo bled very much... I wonder if it's possible to write out "WOODS" with just this much?
And since there was so little blood, that pretty much rules out his attacker, huh?
M-Mr. Wright! Didn't you just finish saying that it COULDN'T have been Apollo?! And don't try to blame it on "old age"!
Boss!
So it wasn't Apollo or his attacker... When you think about who was at the crime scene... ...there's only one other person who it could really be.
What?! Detective Arme?! Are you sure you know what you're doing here?!
Don't look at me. I know as much as you do about police codes.
Oh! I think I see it!
Boss, what in the world?! This is no time for a psychology test!
And who in the world is "S. Doow" supposed to be, Boss...?
If you're right, Boss... ...then what do you suppose Detective Arme was trying to tell us?
Or maybe using the ID number was a way to hide its true meaning from the real culprit! Thus lowering the odds that they would erase the bloody writing.
What?! I object to his accusation, Your Honor! I object whole-heartedly!
But seriously, I wonder why nobody discovered the bloody writing?
Yes...?
I-I agree it's pretty strange, but I don't see what it has to do with the bloody writing...
Oh, so that's why the message in blood was under the transport case!
So that means...!
That was great, Mr. Wright!
Poor Mr. Wright. You're always working so hard, keeping our office together...
I'm sensing a great sorrow coming from the judge...
So, how can you be so sure it WASN'T Detective Arme who wrote the message.
Hmm... The victim's body and the writing ARE several yards away from each other. There's no way she could reach.
Ah! Maybe the body was moved? But that doesn't explain how blood got onto the rubble...
H-Hey, you're right, Boss! It IS pointy! Just like your hair!
In that case, she definitely could have written the message!
Yes! You did it! You were right, Boss!
If I were in his shoes, I guess it would've psyched me out, too. I can't imagine coming across the message "CYKES!" written in blood!
D-Don't feel bad, Boss! You just got your attorney's badge back, after all. In that sense, you're still more of a beginner than I am!
"My bad"?! Does he really think that will just magically smooth everything over?!
Mr. Wright, I'm not so sure it was just a simple slip of the finger...
I sense that he's extremely agitated, almost panicked...
I just don't believe it, Mr. Wright!
No, not that! THAT I can believe... I don't believe that Mr. Tonate just "made a mistake."
What is it now, Mr. Wright?! Are you trying to imitate Apollo and his "Chords of Steel"?
Care to explain what you mean...? Because you just proposed that everything happened in the exact opposite order!
If the message was written after the floor was damaged by the explosion... ...I don't think things would've ended up looking the way they do in the photo...
He's completely unnerved, Mr. Wright! You must've hit the nail on the head!
Hmm. Hmm...
Just looking over the victim's autopsy report. I'm hoping there's something in here that can point us in the right direction.
Yeah, and to inflict that specific kind of injury... ...all you would need is a flat surface, right?
I hope you don't intend to answer by process of elimination, Mr. Wright.
Mr. Wright! Is there really nothing on the bomb in the photo?!
Wait! The timer display is a little broken here! Maybe it broke when it made contact with Detective Arme's head!
Ugh... I guess you're right...
Hey, you're right! And if we can figure out where that hiding place was...
I'm sensing a wave of strong anxiety coming from you right now, Boss!
Mr. Wright! Wh-What do we do?!
B-B-But the bomb might really go off...!
Boss! I never would've expected that from you!
Ugh... If the bomb doesn't get us, the judge definitely will if you don't get this right!
You did it, Boss!
So many mysteries cleared up all at once! It was amazing!
That's not the kind of thing that usually just "works out"" You made it happen! And the way that mean ol' prosecutor high-tailed it out of here! That was great!
I'm so happy for you, Junie! Now you can go back home to the forest in peace!
Hmm... I dunno, Mr. Wright... I'm not so sure you could make it all the way up to Junie's house. How high up do you live again, Junie?
But, you know, Boss... ...there's something that still bothers me about the case. One little mystery we never got around to solving.
Yeah. I wonder where it disappeared to.
............Huh? That wasn't the thing I was thinking of.
I was wondering about the missing remote switch.
Oh, so you were looking to get a reaction out of me, huh?!
In other words, don't gloat too much over a victory, right, Boss? Thanks for the tip! But I still wonder where that remote switch disappeared to.
Maybe Mr. Tonate just got rid of it somewhere...
I guess you're right! Hey, I know! Junie, shall we go report the good news? You know, to that certain someone...?
No, silly! To Apollo!
Great idea! I bet he's bored out of his mind.
Wait, what do you mean by "a leave"?!
Oh why, Apollo? Why are you shutting us out?
What happened to you, Apollo? Ever since you put that jacket on, you've changed. ............ And now, for whatever reason, all my mind keeps doing... ...is returning to the day I met you. We had tackled our first case together, he and I, this past spring. And as we did, I came to know who he is and how he thinks. It was a very peculiar case, one in which the victim was killed by a mythical creature...
Maybe you should take a deep breath and re-think things, Mr. Wright. I'm sensing that you've got the wrong evidence AND the wrong statement.
You know what? That's how I feel about the stuffed animal bomb, Boss!
I just don't understand it. I was so sure that the correct evidence to present was this stuffed animal bomb.
I bet that's it! Why don't we take another good look at the other statements? There must be one in the testimony that contradicts that bomb!
But I agree there's definitely something off about this statement.
I bet that's it! Why don't you take another look through the Court Record? There must be something in there that contradicts the statement: "I saw that the bomb's timer was counting down."
Mr. Wright! I think I have something here!
That's right. Let me show you which statement I thought was strange!
Mr. Wright, I don't see any inconsistencies in the testimony. This might be a good time to--
I just can't help but feel that there's more to these statements than meets the eye.
I don't know, but I think maybe we made a mistake, Mr. Wright...
Let's take another look! There must be an unexpected emotion here somewhere!
Junie, are you all right?! Mr. Wright, why are you badgering Junie like that?!
But you know, with the new facts we learned from Junie's revised testimony... ...I'm sure we can find an inconsistency with a piece of evidence we already have.
