Tsk! Why won't you believe me?! Don't expect me to defend you in court if you ever get arrested!
I already told you, I'm a lawyer, not a student!
Aaah! Get your hands off of me!
Whoops! Are you okay?
I am SO sorry! I do that when people suddenly grab me. It's like a reflex or something.
That would be me. And you are?
The Wright Anything Agency? What a fishy sounding name.
Oh, right, THAT Wright! So then, you must be...! Where have you been?! I've been looking all over for you!
.........Ah, of course! Feel free to ask away!
That's right! And here's my shiny new badge to prove it. Isn't it beautiful?
Heh heh heh. A bit more than you might think, in fact! I'm only eighteen!
I skipped a few grades while I was an exchange student in Europe. And I got my license to practice law while I was over there.
I also studied analytical psychology! Thought it might help me be a better lawyer.
So, tell me about our client. What are they like?
He's more worried about his daughter than himself. What a wonderful father. *sniffle*
I'm not cr-crying! There was something in my eye!
Moving right along... Let's get down to business! Helping our client is priority number one!
That's right! I've always wanted to bring analytical psychology into the courtroom. The power of psychology will bring a breath of fresh air to the legal system.
...Um, well, for example, I can try to listen in on a witness's inner voice... ...and then analyze their psychological state with the help of my trusty partner Widget!
This device around my neck here! Say hi, Widget!
Whoa, you need a volume knob! Anyway, the little guy will sometimes say what I'm feeling.
Don't worry, you'll get used to it.
Yep! That's your attorney's badge, all right! Its dull, grimy look makes me think of all the courtroom battles you've faced so far! I hope mine will look like that someday! Look out legal world, Athena Cykes is psyched and ready to go!
What an interesting picture! It looks like a one-on-one monster smack down! It must've been quite a battle. Which yokai do you think is stronger?
But the Fox has powerful legs. He'd pounce before Tenma Taro knew what hit him!
Errr... B-But the Nine-Tailed Fox is gold-colored! Gold is way better than black, so I'm sure he'd win!
*sigh* Sorry, Apollo. Nothing's coming to mind. But give me an hour and I'll have it analyzed Cykes style! I'll get started on it right now!
...Oh, I almost forgot. I have something you might be interested in. I got in on my way here. Think it might have something to do with our case?
That's the whole point of special editions, isn't it? To be the first to get the scoop? Rapido!
Yeah, somebody happened to snap that photo near Nine-Tails Vale. The article goes on to say it might be connected to our case. Apparently, that photo was shot right after the murder occurred.
Wait a second... Yokai as in one of those Japanese monsters? Mein Gott! You don't actually think it was a supernatural murder, do you?
Andale, Apollo! Let's get cracking on that crime scene already!
Investigating the crime scene, what else?! Well, what are we waiting for?! Last one there is a rotten egg!
Okay... Then how about speed walking?!
Looks like this paper doesn't shy away from stories on strange creatures.
They claim to have produced photos of Gourdy and a Kappa water sprite thingie. And just the other day, they got one of Konaki Jiji crying his poor old eyes out... ...followed by that infamous shot of Tenma Taro.
That's not very nice! They should have helped him instead of publishing his picture!
Do you hear that? It sounds like a TV or something. Oh, look! There's a TV in that little room in the corner.
Eek!
Wow, talk about a quick change of heart.

Halt! Stop right there!
Apollo, your bracelet's gone!
That was a pretty pathetic attempt.
What should we do about him, Apollo?
Hey! Didn't you just finish apologizing for stealing from us?!
Get back here, you!
He left his shoes behind, too.
Let's hang on to his shoes. We can give them back next time we see him. As for the diagrams, I say we keep them!
Whoa! Where'd all these black feathers and weird tracks come from?!
You mean the great evil has returned?
I don't know how many more times I can take being called suspicious in one day...
Apollo, let's see if we can't change his mind!
...! No, silly! We're saying that you're an inspiration in our quest for justice!
Um, if we were on the side of justice, would you let us through?
Sure... but only a bad guy would stand in the way of justice, right?
I think we really got to him.
Our pleas for justice must've had a huge impact. It's tying him up in knots! Now's our chance to start looking around.
Well, let's get to work! We're supposed to being finding [sic] clues related to the crime, right?
You never know what's hiding just around the corner, right? Wait, but how do we go about changing our perspective?
Okay, let's leave no stone unturned! Nous allons commencer! Let's get started!
Think we could get this door open?
Thanks for the tip, Detective Fulbright. We didn't expect you to be so helpful.
Apparently, the murder weapon -- a spear -- had Mayor Tenma's prints on it.
Wow! This is a pricy-looking chair!
Really?!
So, he's the prime suspect in a crime he knows nothing about?!
Oh, poor Mr. Tenma. *sniffle* He must be feeling so scared and confused. Apollo, it's up to us to save him!
Look! This statue only has one tail.
So... if you had two, Apollo, I'd only have one?
...Not that it means you're better than me, got it?!
Hey Detective Fulbright, did you hear about the attack over on Yokai Lane? I hear an elderly woman was assaulted by a strange yokai shaped like a roll of cloth!
...That was surprisingly easy. Okay, Apollo, now's our chance to look around some more.
Looks like a large bloodstained cloth.
This one's a spear, but what about this one? It looks like a giant pair of pliers.
Really? What are they used for?
Eeeuuuw!
Okay, okay, I get the idea! But I'm sure THIS thing is just a simple can opener or something like that!
Maybe the killer inadvertently made them when they were fleeing? They're pretty big tracks, almost bird-like. The feathers also point to a bird.
Maybe it's some mutant bird creature!
It's more plausible than saying a monster or yokai did it.
It's a folding screen. I wonder what they were using it for.
You mean like... like my attorney's badge. *sniffle*
Apollo, what words come to mind when you watch that pendulum in there?
That's a direct representation of your current state of mind.
My diagnosis? This strange case has made you anxious, causing you to lose your cool.
Yeah, that wasn't very smart.
Well, look at you, Apollo! Now you're using analytical psychology, too!
Wow, you really learn quick! But I guess I shouldn't be surprised. You're the ace attorney of Wright Anything Agency!
Doesn't this tanuki statue remind you of the manor's caretaker, Phineas Filch?
Ooh, I just got the best idea! We should knock it over! It might transform back into Mr. Filch!
Way to waste a brilliant idea, Apollo.
What if you got a running start and jumped?
Argh! Don't rule it out before you try it! Besides, I'm an excellent jumper.
Like I said, you don't know until you try, Monsieur Justice!
Look, trophies! Ooh! This one was awarded to Alderman Kyubi! "The Amazing Nine-Tails, Yokai Div. Winner, Tenma Town Pro Wrestling Tournament."
Apollo, you should enter the tournament next time! And I have the perfect name for you! The Mysterious Firebrand! A mild-mannered masked lawyer by day... demonic masked wrestler by night!
The window only opens about six inches -- not wide enough for anyone to get in or out. Look, Apollo! There's something caught in the window frame! It looks like gold fur. What a pretty color! It must be from some kind of animal!
You think a fox squeezed out of this window?
Hmm... It's one mystery after another.
Eek! Careful, Apollo, it's got blood on it!
How can you remain so calm after seeing all this blood?
You're no fun at all! At least act surprised or grossed out or something for my first case!
Look! A cat with two tails!
Oh, and this lady has a really long neck! Ha ha ha! How funny is that!
Apollo... I bet you were one of those kids who didn't believe in Santa Claus.
Hey, Apollo... Do you hear something?
Oh, right. Your hearing must not be as sensitive as mine.
A whooshing sound, like wind rushing through a narrow strait. And the echo of someone's voice... "In... In..."
Aaaaaaaaah!
I heard it through the air ducts?
And what a... unique monologue it was. I was just thinking... Maybe the killer made their escape through the air duct or something!
Hmm... I guess you're right.
Excuse me, Detective Fulbright, but I recall you saying earlier... ...that you would come running whenever we were in need.
Hmm......... Well, how about this? Let's do a little give and take. I mean, serving the public is part of justice, too, right? You know, like the police motto? "To serve and protect."
We did it, Apollo!
Disappeared? You think the killer took it?!
You think you're some kind of champion of justice, but you're just plain old mean!
Shameless rascal? Who even says that?
What's the name of that creature in the Forbidden Chamber? Tenma... something... Because from the black feathers and big tracks, it looks like that creature did it.
Can Tenma whatchamacallit even be made a victim of slander?
So, the most likely scenario so far is... ...that Tenma guy left the feathers and tracks behind... ...to make it look like yokai Tenma was the killer.
Um, Apollo? What are you doing?
This prosecutor... He wouldn't happen to go by the name "Blackquill," would he?
...You could say that.
Wait, Detective Fulbright. I've been meaning to ask you something. Um... Why are you barefoot? This doesn't look like the sort of place where you need to take your shoes off...
Stealing shoes right off of someone's feet... That's pretty amazing.
Oh, look, it's mister-- what was it again? Finch?
Let's go talk over there in private.
Apollo, let's save your pro wrestling debut until after the trial.
Come on, Apollo -- ask him about The Amazing Nine-Tails's murder already!
Come to think of it, you look kind of monster-like yourself, Mr. Filch. Guess it makes sense since you're from the same village as The Amazing Nine-Tails!
Apollo! We still have to ask him about the alderman's murder, remember?
Wait! I just thought of something! Remember the golden animal fur we found at the crime scene? Could it have come from this mask? Look! There's even a spot where some fur is missing.
Something wrong, Apollo? You should see the look on your face!
Oh! O-Of course I have! But it's not quite ready for primetime.
The truth will only be revealed once we've dotted all our i's and crossed all our t's. In other words, it's still just a theory, so I don't think I should say anything yet. It's the dilemma any great detective must face!
Tsk! Widget!
Well... I think our killer is most likely highly intelligent and stone-cold cool. I mean, just look how they killed the alderman: one decisive thrust, no hesitation.
That's right! I've profiled the killer based on the evidence we found at the scene! I can almost picture the killer in my mind... A terrifying face twisted from hatred toward the victim... Big, bulging eyes full of murderous intent... A horrible gash-like mouth from ear to ear... And... wings, black and sinister.
On second thought, scratch psychology. That last part was just my imagination.
So who do you think is the man behind The Amazing Nine-Tails mask?
We should run a DNA test on it. Ooh! And what if the results show that the hair's not human? Don't you think it's fun to fantasize about stuff like that?
In that case, let's forget about the DNA testing!
Um, Apollo? Who is she?
Oh, so she's the one who--! Um, hello. My name's Athena Cykes. I'll be helping Apollo defend your father at his trial. Pleased to meet you!
She's quite an, um, interesting character, huh, Apollo...
It seems like Jinxie doesn't want to talk about Tenma Taro for some reason.
Whaaaaaat?!
Mr. Filch and Mr. L'Belle were supposedly in the foyer at the time. That means they would've seen Tenma Taro, too.
Um... Apollo? Remember the picture in this paper? Someone caught Tenma Taro flying through the air. I wonder if it's the same Tenma Taro Jinxie says she saw.
A jangly sound? Can you be a little more specific?
Wait, Apollo! You can't show that to her. Having her father arrested was bad enough.
What are you thinking?! It would crush her if she figured out her favorite wrestler is dead.
No way! The Amazing Nine-Tails goes to public bathhouses?!
Do you see a lot of monsters, Jinxie?
Apollo, do you think this L'Belle guy actually believes in Tenma Taro?
Then why would he try to keep Jinxie from talking?
Time to unmask this monster of a mystery.
Bueno! Next stop, the manor foyer! With any luck, he'll be there waiting for us!
There's no one here. Guess our luck isn't so good when it comes to Mr. L'Belle.
Looks like someone circled a pro wrestling match.
Eek! I-I-It's a...! Oh, Mr. Filch! Wh-What can we do for you?
Mr. L'Belle, do mind [sic] if I ask whether you believe in the village superstitions?
Apollo, I know this sounds strange... ...but Mr. L'Belle seems unusually preoccupied with Tenma Taro.
Well, it's kind of hard to explain. You see, I can read people's emotions from the tone of their voice.
Something like that. People's emotions are expressed in the tone of their voice. And my ears can pick up even the subtlest of tones for some reason.
I'm not exactly sure, but it was like he was... obsessed with the thought of Tenma Taro... That's what I picked up from his voice, anyway.
We should go talk to the mayor, too.
Something wrong, Apollo? Where did your enthusiasm go?
Oh, he's here!
It's so nice to finally meet you! I'm Mr. Justice's partner, Athena Cykes! I'm looking forward to working with you, Mr. Tenma... Taro!
Apollo, he's just as kind and gentle-looking as I'd imagined!
A little touchy about his appearance, isn't he?
What is it, Apollo?
Really? How can you tell?
Noooooo waaaaaay! You can do that?!
Sure. Each of us has our own special gifts.
Still, what do you think the mayor's lying about?
How awful! Who would do such a thing?
But why go from blackmail to murder?! The merger protests won't disappear just because the alderman was killed.
Like what?
What do secret identities have to do with anything, Apollo?
No way!
Wait! Come to think of it, Alderman Kyubi WAS a former pro wrestler! So the blackmailer turned killer when he discovered the alderman's secret identity!
Even so, what was the mask doing at the crime scene?
.........Apollo, do you really think the Tenma Taro that Jinxie saw is the killer?
What about that newspaper article? Could the killer have purposely freed Tenma Taro to do their dirty work?
Yes, but the only suspects the police have right now are the mayor and a yokai.
Apollo? Are you all right?
I-I'm just excited. This IS my first real court case after all!
Eek! Didn't you ever learn about indoor and outdoor voices?
By scaring the daylights out of me?
Y-You want me to shout? Here?
All right, um... I-I'm Athena Cykes... ...and I'm fine!!! ............Hmm... I think that actually worked!
I see... A proven remedy to calm the soul. I like it! Hey, how about we finish off with... ...a race around the courthouse!
Okay, let's do this!
I'm Athena Cykes, Mr. Justice's junior partner, and fresh out of law school!
That's him. I'm sure of it. ...Prosecutor Blackquill.
Wait, was that the prosecution's opening statement?
That must've been the power of suggestion Mr. Wright was talking about.
He's playing Simon Says with the judge!
Prosecutor Blackquill doesn't seem to intimidate Detective Fulbright.
Oh, so that's why Detective Fulbright was assigned to Blackquill. He's so oblivious!

The rumors and quirks of Mayor Tenma have no relevance to this case! Besides, those charms on his head... they're... they're just a fashion statement! ...I think.
The prosecution will refrain from dragging our client's reputation through the mud!
Careful, Apollo. He has the judge dancing in the palm of his hand! The power of suggestion is one of the more powerful tools in Simon Blackquill's arsenal. He's trying to manipulate everyone's impressions to suit his objectives.
Looks like he wants YOU to figure it out. Well, don't just stand there! Show him who's boss!
I don't think he saw that plea for help.
Yeah, and the color's all wrong, too......... Ooh, I know! How about a squishy red tomato!
Detective Fulbright's testimony sounds airtight. No wonder he's so confident.
Um, Apollo? When was the last time you had your eyes examined? The statue is clearly broken. See the area around their hands?
You did it, Apollo! You knocked Detective Fulbright off his high horse!
Who do you suppose clubbed the mayor if it wasn't the alderman?
You mean there was a third party there in the Fox Chamber?
Wha--?!
Apollo, don't let him start manipulating you, too! You just closed the hole for the prosecution!
Apollo, I just thought of something. If they didn't find anyone's fingerprints on the statue... ...who's to say someone other than the alderman didn't hit the mayor with it?
There's only one answer -- the real killer!
Oh, I'll give you evidence, all right!
To borrow your words, Apollo, I'm fine! Take a look at this! Black feathers and tracks, allegedly from a yokai, were found at the scene. I believe they're from the third party who struck the mayor with the statue.
That's exactly what I'm suggesting!
.........Aah! Sorry, sorry! Guess I got carried away.
Ouch... You meanie! I'm reporting this to Mr. Wright!
Wait, are the villagers scared of Mayor Tenma or Tenma Taro? I'm confused.
I bet Detective Fulbright would be a great pro wrestler. He could even team up with Prosecutor Blackquill.
Apollo... I think Prosecutor Blackquill has figured out the alderman's secret identity. But even if he has, why would it be a motive for the mayor to commit murder?
What do we do now, Apollo?!
Wait, didn't the blackmail letter sent to Mayor Tenma go missing... ...right after the alderman's murder?
It's possible... but we don't have any proof that that's what happened.
What do we do now, Apollo?!
Argh... We have to do something, Apollo, before they pin it all on the mayor!
How are we supposed to do that?
He's taking this really hard.

Apollo! Think of something, quick, before you're held in contempt of court!
Apollo! The momentum has shifted in our favor!
Why don't we ask them ourselves?
Um... Don't they belong to Detective Fulbright?
Something the matter, Apollo?
Really? So you think Mr. Tanuki--er, I mean, Filch has been lying to us?
Looks like we have to do this the old-fashioned way.
Maybe it's a matter of stopping thieves by hiring one. After all, it takes one to know one.
I wonder why Mr. Filch didn't see Tenma Taro.
Maybe Mr. Filch is lying.
Apollo! We should think about how Mr. Filch was when he was watching TV!
I wonder whether Jinxie was just seeing things.
But if we can't prove she saw Tenma Taro, the mayor's sure to be convicted!
If those are his only problems, he should consider himself lucky.
What's he talking about, Apollo?
Come to think of it, didn't Jinxie mention something like that, too? She said she saw Tenma Taro holding a staff-like object that made a jangly sound.
Remind me not to bring anything of value to the manor next time.
Wait, Jinxie said something like that. Something about Tenma Taro making a jangly sound.
Can't say I blame her.
Apollo, what could this mean? Do you think Jinxie was just seeing things?
We'll have to uncover Filch's lie?
Ouch. A legal smack down...
Mr. Filch is scared to death!
Hmm... Come to think of it...
Jinxie wouldn't admit to seeing Tenma Taro after hearing about the village superstitions. She said that if she told anyone that she had seen Tenma Taro, he'd claim her soul.
That's certainly not something you see every day.
Wha--?!
I declare Prosecutor Blackquill the winner of this round of Simon Says...
He busted out of his shackles.
Better be careful, Apollo. You've really brought out the samurai in him. Especially after you proved there was a Tenma Taro impersonator at the manor.
Remember what Blackquill said, Apollo. Don't be late!
Wow... That is one well-polished tray...
The demon of due process? Not sure I can see that one...
Looks like Prosecutor Blackquill got more than he bargained for.

Your Honor! I believe her memory is simply clouded by fear! But a quick therapy session should ease her mind. With the court's permission, of course.
She's obviously not herself. The trauma of discovering that crime scene... ...and fear of testifying have her dazed and confused. A regular ball of confusion! But my analytical psychology-based approach should be able to help.
Hmph! I'll show you!
Found something! Hmm... Looks like an out-of-control emotion.
Oh, this? It's one of Widget's functions. Right here you can see images and emotions extracted from the witness's voice.
Unfortunately, all I'm getting is an overflow error right now. See how Sad is brightly lit there at the bottom left? She's under an uncontrollable amount of distress, which is masking her other emotions. It seems the sheer terror she experienced has made her a confused mess.
Yes, that's right. Her fear has instilled in her hallucinations and false memories. She's seeing normal everyday objects as monsters in her mind. It's a form of schizophrenic hallucination brought on by emotional trauma. And the trauma in Jinxie's case is fear.
We'll have to find the root cause of her extreme fear before I can treat it. Now, let's see... Apollo, can you point out the yokai on the wheel of fire? She seems particularly terrified of that one. Start by tapping Probe (L) on the bottom screen. Next, point to what's causing Jinxie's out-of-control emotion. Finally, tap Probe again (X) to try and get to the heart of the matter!
Exactly! It's a form of hallucination where the patient can't see things for what they are! There must be something at the scene of the crime that she's mistaking for a Kasha! Apollo, you need to point out what she thought was a yokai on a wheel of fire!
What? That thing?
You have to consider what a Kasha looks like, Apollo. Think, brightly blazing wheel near the ceiling.
That's one memory back to normal! Nice job! Now that you've got the hang of it, it should be a cinch to point out the rest!
You did it, Apollo! Her extreme fear is under control now!
See! A clear-cut statement. That's the power of my psychology and your intuition, Apollo! And just like we thought, there never really were any yokai in the Fox Chamber!
Gotta--
Apollo! Can I interrupt your freak-out for just a minute? I'm still picking up some noise! It's an unexpected emotion!
Exactly! We should be able to get something else out of her! I'll enter the new information we have and run an update!
Try to find the emotions that contradict her statements.
That's right. But it's not just contradictory emotions you should look out for. You should also keep an eye out for sudden changes in an emotion's intensity. Her emotions might get stronger or weaker as you move from statement to statement. It's important to compare how the same emotion changes throughout the testimony.
Okay, I'll enter, "Sudden burst of courage." Now, let's see... Ah! Look! Apollo, the noise is all gone! Jinxie seems to have remembered everything now!
Any idea what could have given Jinxie that courage?
The evidence you presented seems to have produced confusion rather than courage.
Well, if at first you don't succeed... You know the rest, Apollo!

How... could... this... happen...?! Nnrrrrrrgh...!
Ugh! I know Mayor Tenma's innocent, but there's nothing we can do!
Can I decline your offer?
Uuh... Now I'M the one who's dazed and confused. I can't even think straight.
All right, I'll be back in 10!
Apollo?
Apollo! You do have something more than your Chords of Steel, don't you?
B-B-But...!
Apollo, this calls for a new approach! Try to think outside the box!
Y-You sure about this, Apollo? Can you really explain what happened?
The choices are pretty limited. The room has a window, but... ...it doesn't open wide enough for anyone to get through, and there's a sheer cliff outside. As for the air vent... ...it's up too high and there's nothing you could stand on to reach it. And needless to say... ...the Forbidden Chamber wouldn't open no matter what we did, so that's out.
Remember Apollo, keep it simple.
Exiting the room before locking the door WOULD require taking the key outside. But the key was found inside the room, which does seem like a contradiction.
I wonder if the key could've been tossed in from somewhere other than the window.
Oh, that's right! The Fox Chamber's air duct... ...leads out into the hallway.
Ooh, that explains how the key got in there after it was used to lock the door perfectly!
The judge seems really pleased.

Wait! I believe there IS one other way to escape besides the foyer entrance! There's a large window in the foyer. It's possible to escape through there without being seen by the security camera.
N-Nooooooooon!
...If only we had some sort of evidence that could point to a flying killer.
WHAAAT?! You're saying you can prove the killer could fly?!
What do we do now, Apollo?
Apollo! Prosecutor Blackquill's up to his mind games again!
Mayor Tenma's going to confess unless we do something!
Demon King...?!
Now he's got everyone in the courtroom believing in yokai!
Hmm... There has to be a contradiction here somewhere.
There was a statement that I thought was a little strange, but... ...I wouldn't bet my life on it.
Hee hee hee. Okay, if you must know, I'll show you the one I'm thinking of.
Hmm... I can't flag any inconsistencies.
Time to press the witness!
Really? Because I don't see it that way.
Hello? Is there anybody in there? Just nod if you can hear me.
Having a yokai testify in court is unprecedented to say the least.
Yeah, it's strange. Even worse, Prosecutor Blackquill is playing along. *sigh* I can't even think straight anymore. I need to go out for a run! See you in a bit!
Whoa, whoa! Trucy, welcome back. Oh, you're in your stage outfit. Back from work?
And whoever did that was the Tenma Taro that Mr. Filch and Jinxie saw.
The real fight starts right now!
Okay, let's get over to the scene of the crime! Vamonos, Apollo, Vamonos!
Detective Fulbright! Mind if we search the air duct?
Wonder if he's been like this ever since the trial.
I sorta feel bad for him, but we have work to do! Let's go get the evidence we need!
If the killer passed through the air duct, maybe we'll find some evidence there.
Don't worry, I brought a stepladder! Happy hunting!
Find anything? Yikes! Apollo, what happened?! You're covered in dust!
So, what'd you find?
Yeah, like Mr. Wright's desk back at the office.
I seriously doubt it... Wait, you're not suggesting--! No one's gone through that duct lately?!
B-B-But...!
Detective Fulbright sure seems chipper all of a sudden.
It's not over yet! And besides... Kicking someone when they're down is what bad guys do!
Then how about some information on the investigation? We need some help here!
We did it, Apollo!
I can't believe Prosecutor Blackquill would stoop that low! I mean, to pinning the blame on a yokai?! He really wants a conviction at all costs!
I doubt that'll teach him anything.
Yeah, right! I'd like to see him prove it!
No way! W-Well, what about prints?!
I don't blame them. I mean, their favorite masked wrestling hero was murdered. They must've been shocked when they found out what happened.
She spoke with a passion that only a fan could appreciate. We oughta become fans ourselves and go protest in front of the prison!
Oh, yeah.
I bet you two could strike back even if you were impaled! I mean, you're so full of justice.
What now, Apollo?
Good idea. We might get some words of wisdom out of Mr. Wright while we're there.
So the crime scene was locked tight at the time. Ugh, this is a tough one.
Maybe the killer hid somewhere in that room.
That was quite a day in court. The news just can't stop talking about how the demon Tenma Taro made an appearance!
Well, I heard the judge actually held an exorcism in his courtroom after that.
I don't know. I have a feeling Tenma Taro could exorcise an exorcist.
I can't believe Alderman Kyubi was The Amazing Nine-Tails!
Yeah... Maybe the alderman felt threatened, and that's why he had to disguise himself.
Do you think the Tenma Taro Jinxie saw was the real killer?
But if that's not our killer, then what was it doing in the manor?
Huh?! I've heard of monsters in the closet and under the bed. They're in the bathroom, too?!
Oh, I get it. That was your attempt at a joke. Ha ha, very funny...
And I'll... go do some research on exorcisms...
Don't forget blindfolded with our ears plugged up...
Mr. Wright.
I think it's safe to say that things have gotten hairier than before.
Yeah, and on top of that, Jinxie was accused of being an accomplice!
How are we going to get out of this one...?
Force... a smile?
It was like fate brought us together! It's thanks to Mr. Wright that I became a lawyer at all.
Aww, it's nothing special.
It's just, I thought that if my special ability could help defend innocent people... ...then I had to do everything in my power to bring it to the courtroom! That's when I really started hitting the books hard!
All right! I'm totally pumped up after talking to you, Mr. Wright! It's like you said, the worst of times are when lawyers have to force their biggest smiles!
Mayor Tenma, we wanted to talk to you about something!
Eeek!
Apollo, he still thinks he's a yokai!
Wow... He's sounding more and more like a real demon with every sentence. I'm starting to wonder if we should even be helping him win his freedom.
The prosecution claims the feathers and tracks were planted by Jinxie.
Huh? Mayor Tenma, is that you?
Um, can we ask how you use this key? We couldn't find a keyhole anywhere in or around the door.
He has a point there.
I've been meaning to ask, which one of you was stronger?
Yeah, but the Nine-Tailed Fox imprisoned you in--
Aw, I just wanted to find out which one was really the strongest.
Wow, you're really a stickler for details.
That's the spirit! You can make your debut as soon as we get you that not-guilty verdict!
It seems like Mayor Tenma is a bit too trusting of those around him.
Let's go find Mr. L'Belle and rake him over the coals!
Hmm... There's something that still bothers me. If Mr. L'Belle is the killer... ...what could have motivated him to open the Forbidden Chamber?
Only one problem. How do you open a locked door that doesn't have a keyhole?
Jinxie! She's... acting really strange.
Jinxie, how come you don't have any charms on your forehead?
This could spell major trouble, Apollo.
Because Jinxie is already accused of leaving the feathers and tracks at the scene. If they weren't there when she discovered the crime scene... ...it will totally fuel the claim that she fabricated the evidence later on.
Jinxie's fuzzy memory of the whole incident is really working against us. The prosecution will probably say she doesn't remember planting the evidence. Good luck rebutting that!
Apollo, let's go see if we can find that secret mechanism!
So the mayor's efforts to keep the killer out of the Forbidden Chamber... ...were not in vain!
Oh, come on, please? We're partners in justice, right?
He took her away.
Well, at least we found out there's a secret mechanism for opening the chamber! Let's go check it out!
Hey, it's Mr. L'Belle! Apollo, let's ask him about you-know-what!
......Where do you buy clothes like that?
Tell us more about that rumor!
Does she remember anything while she's possessed?
Memory loss during possession... Hmm...
Apollo, let's ask Mayor Tenma about Jinxie's episodes the next time we talk with him!
Let's go talk to Mr. L'Belle while we wait.
Come to think of it, Mr. L'Belle... ...your hair color's changed since the last time we met.
Oh, uh... Apollo, what should I do?
Good point. ...Wow, thanks, Mr. L'Belle.
Okay, let's head over to the Fox Chamber.
What if you start to sweat? Won't that wash the color out, too?
Ooh, this is so exciting! I can't wait to see how it works! But do you really think the killer entered the Forbidden Chamber?
We should also see if there was anywhere the killer could've hid in this room! Okay, let's get started. ¡Apúrate, Apollo, Apúrate!
Yeah, and the door won't budge, just like those spiky bangs of yours.
Oh, I know! I'll break it down with a body slam!
Tsk, how do you know if I haven't even tried?!
Aaaagh...
Maybe the killer hid under this table!
Hmm, maybe you're right. Guess the underside is a bit... Wait, there's something under the table.
It looks like a piece of something. Only question is, a piece of what?
So, this piece broke off and rolled under the table?
You think it broke off when the mayor was clobbered on the head?
Hey, this statue moves!
Heh heh. I can handle it. If a spear comes shooting my way, I'll snatch it out of the air! After all, I have the reflexes of a regular karate kid!
Look at all these feathers...
Then we have Jinxie and Mr. Filch's eyewitness reports...
Our yokai's definitely not the shy type, that's for sure!
I just remembered this mystery novel I once read. The murder occurred in a locked room... ...and the perpetrator made sure to hide behind the room's door when it was opened. Then, when no one was looking, he made his escape.
Oh, I get it. The killer couldn't have been there because of the statue.
Right... I guess that rules out the old hide-behind-the-door trick.
There really is no escaping here through the air duct.
That's not a ladder, Apollo. It's a stepladder.
What's the difference...? ............ Oh, I know! Let's play rock, paper, scissors to decide who's right!
When I hear things like that, it just makes me want to try! Never say never, right? I bet I could get out this way. Hrrrgh!
Tsk, it won't even open wide enough for me to squeeze through! Guess I lost that bet.
This statue originally depicted the two yokai holding up a cup in a gesture of goodwill.
But he was murdered instead... ...by somebody who intervened.
Maybe the keyhole will appear if we do something to this folding screen. Hmm... But I don't see anything unusual about it.
Then maybe there's a clue somewhere in this room. Let's turn the whole place upside down!
Well, I can't think of anywhere else to look. You find anything, Apollo? We'll never find the keyhole to the Forbidden Chamber at this rate.
Hey, I bet you're right! Let's go over that screen with a fine-toothed comb!
Let's check every last inch of it!
You can also zoom in and out to get a better look. Now, let's check every last inch of it!
Hmm, now that you mention it...
Maybe those doors symbolize the Forbidden Chamber's door.
You think it could be the keyhole to the Forbidden Chamber?
Still, you know what they say: a picture's worth a thousand words.
You think it could be the keyhole to the Forbidden Chamber?
Hmm... We're definitely getting warmer...
A key and a keyhole? Ooh, I just got an idea! If we folded the screen up just right, the key and keyhole should overlap!
Let's give it a try!
Yeah, and it's open, too!
Apollo! Let's go check out the two statues!
Now we can use that key!
Time to see why this chamber's so forbidden!
Aaah! That was like nails on a chalkboard!
Eeeeeeeeeeeek!
Ugh... All I know is I don't like it, but I can't explain why.
What, of this thing? Don't make me laugh, heh heh.
Wh-What?! What is it?!
You mean the one Jinxie said she saw Tenma Taro carrying?
Well? What are we waiting for? Let's search the place!
Let's try moving them around. Maybe something will happen!
Oh, will you relax? If it comes to that, I'll just dash out of the way!
I'll say! Makes me want to implement a secret locking mechanism into the office door!
If I were, I'd need a demon to imprison...
Hmm... I wonder why.
Ah! Apollo, are you sure that's a good idea?
Don't open it! Who knows what might be in there!
That's enough, Apollo. Let's shut it and--
This statue's probably twice as tall as Prosecutor Blackquill.
It's like if you took something really scary, like a spider, and made it fifteen feet tall.
What? I was just exaggerating for dramatic effect.
A monk? What are you talking about?
Wouldn't that just be a hiker?
Hmm... Oh look, there's some yellow... thing strapped to his back.
What's this scroll getting at? Is this how Tenma Taro was born?
Hmm... Or maybe the picture's showing Tenma Taro getting caught in a yokai trap. I bet that yellow thing is a trap to catch the demon before he ravages the entire mountain!
Then maybe that yellow thing is some leftovers that didn't get put in the fridge. They got all gross and moldy and out popped Tenma Taro!
Okay, Mr. Smarty-Pants, what is it, then?
...Apollo, if I have an active imagination, yours is hyperactive.
That means the killer must've been in here at some point. The question is, why?
But when did the killer get in here? The mayor snatched the Forbidden Chamber key when the killer hit him on the head. That means the killer could've only gotten in here before the murder.
Like those Japanese garden lamps? Where's the switch?
Oh, here it is!
It was hidden out of sight.
I guess even forbidden chambers need proper ventilation.
Yeah, and there's nothing to stand on around here. I wonder where this vent leads.
Maybe it doesn't have anything to do with this care, after all.
I'd have to agree. These look like the one Detective Fulbright showed us.
Maybe they're spares. Tenma Taro might be, you know, absent-minded or something. But the fact that he has spare staves handy, well... ...it shows that he's aware of his faults, and is trying to deal with them. Or at least that's my take on it.
These look like the staff Detective Fulbright showed us.
It reads, "Here lies Tenma Taro, Age 80. Cause of death: Choked on a chicken bone."
I'm n-not scared!
Cut it out, Widget!
Oh! It's hand cream. Let's see what brand it is......... "Je suis L'Belle!"?!
I guess so... but why?
In other words, the Tenma Taro impersonator we're looking for is none other than...
Now all we have to do is get the truth out of Mayor Tenma!
This could be the big break we need.
Guess that about wraps it up. What now?
You mean like Mr. Filch... and Jinxie?
Good ideas? You bet I do! Umm... Well, there's that thing.
............ Ugh, you saw right through me, didn't you?!
No, sorry! I just got a little carried away!
...And to be identified at the manor disguised as Tenma Taro... ...is none other than Mayor Tenma's aide, Florent L'Belle! We're in for a fight tomorrow! Let's banish Tenma Taro, both literally and figuratively!
Eek!
Right... Umm... How about obeying the law... before you go obeying the superstitions?
Hey, what are you doing with Widget around your neck? He's mine! You know better than to go around stealing people's stuff like that!
Tsk, he almost kidnapped my sweet, little Widget.
I can't believe you did that! It's one thing to steal a pair of shoes, but to steal Widget!
......... Forget the money. You should be washing yourself of this nasty habit.
I guess we really do have to talk to Mayor Tenma about the possession rumor.
Was that all we wanted to ask Mr. Filch?
Lord Tenma! Your attorneys are here to see you, Your Malevolence!
Oh, Mayor Tenma! You've returned...!
Tenma Taro's back!
I don't think we'll get anything more out of him.
.........Hey, Apollo? I think I've got this one. I think I can prove that she didn't do it.
Sure! I should be able to use psychology to explain that whole possession thing.
Mayor Tenma, Jinxie isn't possessed. I believe her so-called possession episodes are a form of somnambulism.
Yes, I believe she is exhibiting a rare form of the disorder. It's usually brought on by repressed stress. Mr. Mayor, didn't her symptoms start soon after she began her job in Nine-Tails Vale?
I knew it! That lack of sleep is causing her to enter an unconscious state. And that means she can't be trying to protect you -- at least not on a conscious level.
Can you tell us the truth now, Mayor Tenma?
Mayor Tenma, you didn't leave those feathers and tracks at the scene, did you?
I knew it!
Well, at least we know who's behind this whole Tenma Taro thing now.
But the real question is: how are we going to get him to admit it was him?
So... what do you think they're up to this time, Apollo?
There they go... Missed our chance to get the truth out of him.
You think they're done questioning Jinxie?
She must be possessed -- er, sleepwalking again!
Are they done questioning you, Jinxie?
Apollo, if you're done playing around, let's find out what she was lying about!
The mayor actually confessed to the crime?!
Jinxie, does Prosecutor Blackquill know about your father's confession?
Why would the mayor confess like that?
Who knows, but I sure feel like I'M in a living nightmare right now.
Apollo, what are we going to do about tomorrow's trial? The crime scene was locked tight until Jinxie arrived, and our client's even confessed! Not only that, Jinxie has been accused of planting the yokai evidence. Both the mayor and Jinxie are going to prison if we don't do something!
But the real killer must've been hiding in there as well.
Our mystery person must've fled the Fox Chamber when it was opened. And that's when Jinxie saw what she thought was Tenma Taro!
Whatever it takes in court tomorrow, Apollo... ...we have to take down that dirty, rotten "Tenma Taro" Florent L'Belle!
Apollo, it doesn't look like there's anything particularly interesting here.
Athena Cykes, assistant defender, is ready, too, Your Honor. Je suis prêt!
Looks like the judge is really bringing it today.
Yeah, His Honor has to fight to defend his honor today.
Here we go again.
He may beat a hasty retreat, but there's no escaping Prosecutor Blackquill.
Jinxie entered the Forbidden Chamber after the incident... ...then she took the staff and tried to cover up her actions by pretending to be Tenma Taro. I guess that's what Filch is trying to say...?
We need to prove that Jinxie isn't Tenma Taro. But I've no idea how we're going to do that.
Really?
Way to walk down a one-way street to a dead end.
The Mr. L'Belle wasn't the one who entered the Forbidden Chamber?
Guess this is one tale that didn't get passed down from grandpappy to grandson.
B-But how's that even possible? ...Wait a sec...! Remember that air vent in the Forbidden Chamber? So, Mr. Filch found a way to get into that air duct... ...and that's how he got from the foyer vent to the Forbidden Chamber vent?
Looks like our so-called yokai is nothing more than one big troublemaker.
Any bright ideas, Apollo?
Good going! Now all we have to do is make Florent L'Belle take the stand!
That means the Forbidden Chamber wasn't opened until after the crime was discovered.

Wait a second! There had to be somebody else besides Mayor Tenma there!
Oh, well, that would be...
I didn't forget...! I was just... testing your attention to details...?
Sorry... Guess I put my foot in my mouth again.
We are?
We did it, Apollo! We finally dragged Mr. L'Belle into court!
Hey, why the long face?
You really are a worrywart, aren't you? It'll be fine! That mystery figure who opened the Forbidden Chamber for Mr. Filch... ...had to have been Florent L'Belle!
At any rate, the big showdown with Mr. L'Belle is up next, so chin up, Apollo!

Stop stalling and tell the court what you were really doing at the time of the crime!
.........
No way. I don't believe Mr. L'Belle heard the mayor confess.
We better do something before the judge declares the mayor guilty!
He actually sympathized with Jinxie? Seems like an overly human emotion for him.
...Apollo, I'm starting to lose all faith in humanity.
...So, it was the curse of Florent L'Belle, rather than Tenma Taro?
Notice any inconsistencies, Apollo?
She did. She said they passed each other in the hall after she made that call to the police.
Oh, right. And if she saw him, she would've definitely asked him for help.
If we don't find some way to poke a hole in his testimony... ...Mayor Tenma is as good as guilty!
We need to find an inconsistency, a mistake, some kind of conflict!
Apollo, you think he's telling the truth?

That's terrible! A man was dying and another injured and you're worried about your shoes?!
Gah.
He really doesn't think he's done anything wrong, does he?
He really doesn't think he's done anything wrong, does he?
Tsk, that big liar! He opened it himself!
Tsk, that big liar! He opened it himself!
Apollo, you think that statement's important?
You think he's telling the truth about being there in that room?
You mean, did he enter after Jinxie fled... ...or was he there before the murder? If it's the latter, that would change everything.
But how do we go about proving that?
Let's cross our fingers that he says or reveals something incriminating.
Way to go, Apollo! This is the conclusive evidence we needed! Magnifico!

Yeah, right! He wouldn't show you a secret gift just like that!
It has?
Oh.
Nooooooooo...
Apollo, this is our chance! We might get some new information out of him!
............
...Apollo. Maybe I can help here.
Yeah, I can hear it. The discord in his heart. I sense an unusual emotion in the mayor's memory of the event.
It sounds like the mayor saw the same thing as what's shown on that scroll.
I think it's sweet how father and daughter can share something like that.
Right. Look for places where an emotion conflicts with the testimony. That conflict usually indicates a thought or emotion that is being suppressed.
So, this means the Forbidden Chamber really was opened. But what about the sudden light he described?
He means you got that one wrong, Apollo.
But even if all that's true, then what about the Nine-Tailed Fox?
Fantástico, Apollo! It's entirely possible! In a groggy, dream-like state, people can misremember things and events.
The Amazing Nine-Tails? But that was the victim, Alderman Kyubi, right?
Never mind that! This is completely new information! Let me enter it and run an update!
What do you suppose The Amazing Nine-Tails was up to?
But why help an enemy like that? Wasn't he opposed to the mayor's merger plan?
Must've been a huge relief for the mayor. I mean, just thinking about being trapped in that pitch-black room freaks me out.
Apollo! We've reduced the noise level! Oh, but there's still a little left.
I guess his memory is still a little spotty. I know because his latest recollection contradicts the evidence.
Hmm... Something this obvious could arise... ...when someone is trying to force a fuzzy memory into a definitive shape. Apollo, I know what you have to do! You need to present evidence that contradicts the image you see!
Time to compare the testimony and evidence again.
Yeah, that's because unlike data, memories are living, breathing things. Preconception, illusion, memory overlap, memory repression... Our memories are intimately tied to our psychology and emotions.
I believe so. There's some deeper meaning here. Let's present some evidence. Maybe it will help jog his memory!
So the red something probably wasn't a cape after all. Maybe that great sadness he mentioned is what's interfering with his memory.
Apollo, think of something that's red and could produce a feeling of sadness... And take a good look at the evidence again!
Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek!
His noise level is down to zero! I think he's remembered everything now.
But the alderman WAS The Amazing Nine-Tails, so how exactly would that work?
Jinxie didn't see L'Belle there, either. It's so weird. Who really was in that room, then?

Possible! My colleague here is going to explain it so it's crystal clear!
Even if you can't explain it, you can't let them know that! Just make something up!
Umm... You think she could've mistaken L'Belle for the mayor?
Even if she was confused, I think she'd notice if she entered the Forbidden Chamber. There is that massive barred door to deal with, after all.
I think Jinxie would've mentioned if she couldn't see her father's face.
Are you okay, Apollo?!
Apollo! Remember what Mr. Wright always says? When you're stuck in a tight spot, turn the case upside down.
A-Apollo?
Ah! So then... ...the person who said, "I killed Alderman Kyubi" was...
Oh, so The Amazing Nine-Tails the mayor saw was...
Apollo! Don't you dare give up now!
Since we don't have any proof that the mayor is The Amazing Nine-Tails... ...then we'll just have to get him to admit it himself.
Apollo! You mind if I wring his neck?!
Wait, did he threaten the alderman in addition to the mayor?!

Please, Apollo! Stop messing around!
How's the mayor supposed to admit to his secret identity now?!
Well, you know what they say, "The love of money is the root of all evil."
Y-You do?
Don't give up now, Apollo! Let's try reviewing the case again.
Apollo! You're presenting the wrong piece of evidence.
Think about L'Belle's real hair color. Given what it is, there's only one piece of evidence that really stands out in this case!
...Um, there's one thing I still don't understand. How come Mr. L'Belle didn't kill Mayor Tenma, too? He could've set it up so the mayor murdered the alderman, then died from a counterattack. That would've removed at least one possible fly from the ointment.
What an insanely intricate plot.
Your father's a free man now, Jinxie! Isn't that great?!
Aww, how come?!
Hee hee, I think you've misjudged yourself. Take a look outside!
The only one who really matters is Jinxie. Show her how cool you really are!
Apollo! That's not what you're supposed to return to him!
This is what we have to give back to Mayor Tenma!
I sure hope they can settle the problems between Tenma Town and Nine-Tails Vale.
Okay, people. Now that we've got that one in the bag, let's go get something to eat! I'm starving!
Better keep eating, Apollo! Or you might have to start looking up at me!
Are you kidding me? I'm just getting started! Ready or not... it's face-stuffing time!
Very funny! But I've got a hollow leg! I can eat as much as I want without gaining an ounce!
Calories? Ha! Just let 'em try to stick on me!
I've been waiting to have a bowl from there ever since Mr. Wright told me about them! Well, what are we waiting for?!
Yay! Thanks, Boss! I won't let you down!
That was our first case together, and it felt like nothing could bring us down after that. The dark age of the law seemed so distant, so irrelevant to our small, cozy office... But little did I know that it had been lurking all along, right there behind us. The first time it made itself known was during the murder at Themis Legal Academy. That case would mark the twilight before the dark, cold night that was to come.
Hmm... There has to be a contradiction here somewhere.
There was a statement that I thought was a little strange, but... ...I wouldn't bet my life on it.
Hee hee hee. Okay, if you must know, I'll show you the one I'm thinking of.
Hmm... I can't flag any inconsistencies.
Time to press the witness!
Really? You sure about that?
Apollo, this isn't a game of "Where's Emo"...
At least make an effort next time!
