Oh, no! I'm gonna be late! *huff* *puff* Whew, finally. So, this is it... the illustrious Themis Legal Academy. (This is the place where many distinguished lawyers and prosecutors got their start. When news spread that Mr. Wright had gotten his attorney's badge back... ...he received a call from this school, asking him to pay a visit. Mr. Wright brought us along, hoping we'd learn something from the experience. But no, I had to go and blow it by getting here thirty minutes late. At least it's
(Wow! This place has school festival written all over it... literally! But why all the cold stares? Is it because everyone's in a school uniform except me? Well, I like the way I dress! Wonder where Mr. Wright and Apollo are?)
(Sounds like a mock trial is about to start, but where's this Lecture Hall? Looks like all the students and faculty are heading that way. Might as well join them. Maybe I'll find Mr. Wright and Apollo there!)
(This must be the Lecture Hall. Wow, they spent some serious money on this place. The District Court can't even compete.)
Ah, Mr. Wright! Apollo! I've been looking for you two. I'm so sorry I'm late.
I'm Athena Cykes! I just recently got my attorney's badge myself! It's nice to meet you, too!
Wow, thanks! (That big smile of his is kinda scary, though.)
Oh, speaking of the mock trial, do either of you know what it's about?
You won't be seeing it again. Trucy used it for the old rip-it-up-and-restore-it trick. ...Unfortunately, it didn't work as advertised.
I do, professor! Could you tell me all about your school?!
Wow, you have everything here for someone who wants to seriously pursue a career in law!
You're giving a lecture, Mr. Wright? But you're not even a professor.
Uh, did you even know you were meant to be giving a lecture here today?
(Oh, so that's who's late.)
A training seminar? For lawyers? What exactly does that involve?
Ooh! A one-on-one battle?! How thrilling!
A famous prosecutor? (No, it can't be...)
Speed?! You mean speed's important when presenting evidence, too?
You do, Boss?!
It never even crossed my mind. (This lawyer thing is deeper than I thought!)
Juniper? Juniper Woods? Is that you?
We've known each other since we were kids. We're like best friends, right, Junie?!
Yeah, like a lot a lot. (Why won't she look at me? I guess I shouldn't be surprised since we haven't seen each other in a long time.)
Aw, no fair! I wanna see the mock trial, too!
Tsk, being the new kid sure stinks.
(Still no Prof. Courte... It's been over thirty minutes. And Mr. Wright's snoozing away on the sofa. This is so boring. I should've hid in the Lecture Hall and spied on the mock trial.)
Eek! Wh-What was that?!
W-Well it wasn't me. I think it came from somewhere outside.
Okay!
Is this stage for some sort of concert? It kinda reminds me of a courtroom.
What? Eeeeeeeeek!
Wait, that's... that's who we were supposed to be meeting with?!
No way! This... This can't be real...!
I called the police. They should be here soon. ...I'll go tell everyone in the Lecture Hall, too.
Huh?! Are we even allowed to do that?
But...... Okay, you're the boss.
Y-Yes! I mean, n-no! (Apollo didn't bat an eye at the alderman's body during that case in Nine-Tails Vale... I can't let him show me up. I can do this. Just take a deep breath and focus!)
So, Prof. Courte was...
(How awful. Here she was lying dead and we thought she was late.) What was that you were saying before, Boss? You never finished.
O-Okay, sure. (Ugh, the suspense is killing me.)
I've heard that countless people live in dread of your pointer finger. Were you really that scary back then, Mr. Wright?
A harmless sheep in wolf's clothing?
Do you have an old picture of yourself? Wait, never mind! I'm not sure I want to see it!
(In other words, do as I say, not as I do.)
We should start by studying the body. Hmm, I wonder what's the best angle for this?
(Ugh. I guess I really do have to examine the body... Well, guess I'd better get used to stuff like this if I want to be a full-fledged lawyer!)
Ugh... There's an arrow stuck in her side. Gunshot wounds and stab wounds are pretty common, but arrow wounds?
(A murder?! Here?!) S-So, that makes this arrow the murder weapon. Well, that and the bow that shot it.
Would it be possible to kill someone by stabbing them with an arrow?
Wait! What if it's her diary?! That's the most private thing a girl has!
No, don't!
I still think a girl deserves her privacy, but this may help us solve the case.
Um... well, now that you mentioned it, there's no blood around it.
Wait, then doesn't that mean she was killed at a different location? Ooh, I know! The killer moved the body here while everyone was in the Lecture Hall!
Umm... Her arms are raised over her head and there are dark bruises around her wrists.
Eventually, her wrists were unbound, and as she reached up to stretch, she was killed? ...Actually, I'm not so sure about this theory...
I think that's about all we're going to find out from the body for now.
Okay, I'm on it! Say cheese!
I think that should do it.
This pile of rubble sticks out like a sore thumb. Looks like broken pottery or plaster. Maybe this is the source of that noise we heard.
There were two? Then that thing over there is the remains of another statue?
There's definitely something here, but there are other pressing issues to take care of. Like doing a careful search of the area around that broken statue.
Wonder what this was a statue of. Whatever it was, it was reddish-purple in color.
You mean this duffle bag-looking thing was actually being used to cover the statues? I guess that just leaves the question, were they broken by accident or on purpose? Hmm... What a puzzle this is.
There's something buried in the rubble. ...The Themis Herald?
"Final Act in Torrid Love Triangle Centered on Campus She-Devil Juniper Woods" "Level-headed lawyer course genuis and hot-blooded prosecutor course student... ...will go head to head in a mock trial battle for the she-devil's black heart! Hugh O'Conner has declared that he will confess to her if he wins!" Wait, whaaaaaaaaat?! I seriously wish I hadn't read that!
B-B-But, we're talking about my friend Junie here! She'd never lead guys on like that!
Y-You're right. But it's still disturbing, even if it's third-rate tabloid material.
Oh, here comes Apollo! I've never seen anyone move so fast!
We've already had a quick look at the body. It's definitely a homicide. Once the police get here--
What? It's like the mock trial?
You're kidding, right? It can't really all be the same... can it...?
Yes, Boss!
I can't believe we have to wait around here. I can't stay still at times like these. (I hope Junie hasn't fainted from the shock of this whole thing.)
Junie! Am I glad to see you! I was worried that--
Student Council President? Wow, I'm impressed. (She's really changed. She used to be kind of sickly and shy.)
Yeah, we're stuck here waiting for the police. And there's really not much to do.
I haven't seen you in ages, Junie! What's it been, seven years or so?
Um, maybe it's just me, but I wanted to ask why you seem so distant. Remember how you used to call me Thena? I liked it better that way. It felt like we were sisters, you know?
(She was never this stiff and formal before.) I knew you wanted to be a judge, but I didn't expect this. It's such a prestigious school. And you're in the judge course to boot.
(Oh, right. Prof. Courte was the professor in charge of Junie's course...)
What's wrong with our school? What did you mean by that?
(Am I imagining things or did I just detect something in Junie's voice?)
Oh? You mean all of the students in the judge course had to submit a script? And yours was the one she selected? Wow, that's amazing, Junie!
Are you all right, Junie? Maybe you should take it easy for a while. (So she's still got that cough... Guess she's not as strong as she pretends to be.)
Why do you need a script in a showdown between a lawyer and a prosecutor?
Must've been a big pain in the-- er, I mean, that must've been really difficult.
Huh? Who said that?
Yep! I'm Athena Cykes!
(Ugh. Most... pretentious... introduction... EVER. And what's with his hand? Is is glued to the inside of his pocket or what? Yeesh.)
(So he makes pottery, too? And what's that brace-like contraption for...? Junie sure has made some... unusual friends.)
"Final Act in Torrid Love Triangle Centered on Campus She-Devil Juniper Woods" "Level-headed lawyer course genuis and hot-blooded prosecutor course student... ...will go head to head in a mock trial battle for the she-devil's black heart!" (Wait, THESE two are the guys who supposedly have a thing for Junie?)
My Junie singing? On a stage in front of people? (Wow, she really HAS changed.)
That's amazing, Junie, but then again, you were always good at that kind of thing. These constellations in particular are really something.
Wow Apollo, didn't know you were such a romantic.
Wait, you had friends when you were young? Color me surprised!
Eep.... (I think she's angry.)
(It's like a chivalrous love triangle -- a damsel in distress and two knights in shining armor. Maybe that Themis Herald article wasn't too far from the truth. Speaking of the latest news, I wonder how the mock trial turned out.)
So, how did the mock trial end?
It ended right before the verdict? Talk about bad timing...
I hope they don't end up hurting each other.
Proof? Like physical evidence, proof?
Ah, the famed "Themis Legal Academy ingenuity" at work! So, what exactly is this proof of friendship, anyway?
Oh, okay... (I knew it. There's definitely some discord in Junie's voice.)
(I can hear discord in their voices, too! But they're talking about their friendship. What's going on here?)
No, it's... it's nothing.
Thanks. But I know you'll make a fabulous judge someday, Junie.
(Wait, so she only envies me for the badge?)
Heh heh. Sorry, but I couldn't help reading it. You always were popular with the guys.
You just didn't realize it. But that made you even more irresistible. It's been seven years, but I still remember how all the boys wanted to be near you.
Agh! (How'd he know?! I'm sure it was just a lucky guess, but why'd it have to be Apollo of all people?!)
But this is important evidence.
(Wow, she's one tough law-and-order type president, all right.)
D-Detective Fulbright? Is something wrong?
W-Wait a second! What's going on here?! Why are you arresting Junie?!
But...! You can't arrest her on just those grounds!
(So Blackquill's the prosecuting attorney on this one, too...?)
Junie! (I have to do something! I... I can't let them take her away like this!)
............

Hold it! I refuse to believe that she's the killer! Junie! I've decided, I'm going to defend you! I'll fight with everything I've got!
Junie... It's good to hear you say that name again.
Well, I don't have much experience, and I may need Apollo and Mr. Wright's help at times... ...but nobody believes in Junie as much as I do!
We've got your back, Junie!
(I can't believe Junie's been arrested for murder. And I can't believe I accepted her case without asking Mr. Wright!)
Right!
Why that smug little--! (He hasn't even finished law school!)
Oh, right! You said the victim's location, position, and so on were just like in the script!
You two seem to know each other. Is someone going to introduce me?
Never heard of your band. Then again, I was out of the country till only recently. But... can I get your autograph?!
Oh, okay. That one, then!
Nice to meet you! I'm Athena Cykes!
(So HE'S the famous prosecutor they invited!)
Wait, so that performance Junie mentioned...
Wicked statues...? Wait are these supposed to be you and Mr. Wright?
Wait, don't tell me your mentor was--!
So, Constance Courte was your professor here at the academy...
(I can feel Prosecutor Gavin's sadness. Oh, no, I think I'm gonna cry... *sniffle*)
Well, let me ask you, Prosecutor Gavin. Why do you play air guitar?
It would seem the answer we seek can be found in much the same place.
Really? So, you stood on that stage, too?
Hard-rocking prosecutorial style? How did your mock trial turn out?
(All I wanted to know was how the trials turned out...)
(Too bad it doesn't work that way in court, too...)
Junie's masterpiece?! The one everyone's been talking about?!
Okay, got it!
Très bien! Let's get started. Defendant-slash-judge Athena Cykes, is psyched and ready to rock! Court is now in session for our reenactment of the mock trial... ...or what I'd like to call the mock mock trial!

It may just be a mock of a mock, but there's only one way to compete! You play to win! So remember, each time I catch you slacking off, I'm holding you in contempt of court!
Now, then, Prosecutor Gavin, your opening statement if you please.
Oh me, oh my... I'm innocent! Innocent I tell you!
(That's not exactly what I would pick to focus on, so why would he care about that?)
Um, ahem... Let's see here... "When I arrived at our meeting place, I found the professor with an arrow in her stomach! But... it wasn't me! I didn't kill her!"
Order! Order!!! ORDER!!! Especially you, Mr. Justice!
So, the victim was shot from the Archery Club room before the meeting even took place. Hence, the defendant could not be the killer. That seems to be the defense's assertion. Prosecutor Gavin, do you have any objections?
An awl, what's that? Er, I mean... Hmm... An awl, you say? What might that be?
Gross.. It's all bloody up to the handle. Please tell me it's just paint.
So, the question now is, how did the body get from the art room to the stage?
It must've been quite a chore moving the body all that way.
Oh, I think I've seen one of those before. But that's a pretty big one.
Y-You don't saaaaaaaaaaay!
(Sounds like he has only high praise for Junie's script.)
Huh? Oh, right, that's me! Very well, this court finds the defendant, Juniper Woods-- Wait a second. Even if this is just a mock trial of a mock trial... ...I don't want to declare Junie guilty!
Thanks, you two! That little run-through of the mock trial cleared up quite a few things!
That was quick. (Prosecutor Blackquill's almost too good...)
I always thought prosecutors were all a rather scary bunch. But Prosecutor Gavin seems pretty nice.
And we also have to tell Mr. Wright that we accepted Junie's case.
No sweat! We can reenact the mock trial as many times as we want by reading the script! I'll check it out in the Court Record and commit it to memory later!
Yes, sir, Mr. Justice!
Apollo, any advice on how to investigate this case?!
Interview people! Got it! Hey, you there! What can you tell me about the--
Okay, got it! Limit the interview pool!
(He wants me to calm down?! At a time like this?! Junie's fate rests in my hands. I just HAVE TO win this one...!)
You heard that? From whom?
(Ooh! That's so intense! I want to present mine like that, too!)
Of course she is. She's pretty, plus she has such a sweet and caring personality.
I know what you're thinking. Why can't Athena be more like that, right?
(Let's see... Panic... Sorrow... Yep, that's exactly what crossed his mind. *sigh*)
Tsk, Mr. Wright didn't even hear me when I said I wanted to see it. That was so unfair. We should've done rock, paper, scissors to decide who got to watch. I know I would've totally beaten you.
No, I can tell you favor scissors. I mean, the proof's sticking right out of your head.
(Like I said, it's right there on your head!)
Leave it to me! I'll one piece after another, and then another!
Tsk, I'm no student. I'm a lawyer!
(...*sigh* Guess we should go before I get myself arrested for assaulting an officer.)
Oh, um... Only Mr. Wright was officially invited. Apollo and I are just tagging along, but we ARE lawyers, after all.
(That's probably precisely why Mr. Wright didn't invite you.)
Wh-What do you mean?
Oh... What other departments will we have?
(But then who'll be the head of the Toilet Cleaning Department?)
Promise me you won't make it disappear.
No, I didn't mean it like that. Anyway, I hear they reissue badges that get lost, so...
Yeah! ...But seriously, please don't make mine disappear. I wouldn't want to have to explain.
Something like that. It's a school paper. I was thinking, your magic tricks would make a great article.
(I'll just leave it at that.)
Huh? But that's--
Ha ha ha. Let's just save that fun little detail for later.
Ah, Mr. Wright!
What do you mean, the end justifies the means?
Of course, I do! Junie wouldn't even hurt a fly!
Um... sure I want to prove her innocence, but... (I don't like the sound of that "end justifies the means" part.)
(Wow, I bet they both used to really bring it.)
Prof. Means, please, wait! I didn't want to say anything, but Apollo and I already agreed to take her case.
S-Sorry, Boss. I know we should've asked first, but...
Heh heh! That's any [sic] easy one, Professor! Seeking justice for my clients!
(Let's hope it never comes to that.)
Yes, please!
Have you learned anything new about the case?
What? Really?! (Just like the mock trial again!)
Well what? (Come to think of it...)
Huh?! Are we even allowed to do that?
(Now, where was I again?)
Oh, umm, I guess so. (Actually, that was pretty shocking.)
Sure, a number of times. Prosecutors file false charges and lawyers fight back by fabricating evidence. There's a lot of that going around these days.
Well, that in and of itself isn't a bad thing.
Oh, but what was it that Prof. Means said?! "The end justifies the means"?
B-But... What'll happen to our legal system if results are all that matter anymore?!
Oh, that's a relief. (He had me going there for a minute. Wait a second! What if Mr. Wright examined the victim's body for a reason! Maybe he was worried someone might actually tamper with the evidence!)
Were you involved in any extracurricular activities like school papers or mock trials?
An art major? Then how did you become a famous attorney?
Oh... (...He must really mean it. I'm picking up a lot of complex emotions in his voice.)
Okay! I'll try talking to as many people as I can on campus!
Look, there's Hugh! Hey, Huuuuugh!
B-But!
(There it is again. I'm picking up some discord in Hugh's voice.)
Hugh, would you mind telling me a bit about yourself?
(How can he even say that with a straight face?)
(I heard you the first time.)
Y-You saw the body?!
(That's right... There was that announcement and the everyone came in here.)
So, that's when you saw the body?
I think I know why... Was it because of this?
So, this article in the Themis Herald IS true. The winner of the mock trial would get to make his confession to Junie.
(He really wanted to win that bad? Bad enough to ignore a dead body? Sorry, but that's not normal. ...Or could their love for Junie really be that strong?)
Well, when you get your badge, it will be new and shiny, too!
(He's like some hipster doofus.)
Of course, the real murder weapon isn't an arrow at all.
I know exactly what you mean, except for that mouth-breather remark.
(I like him less and less every time he opens his mouth.)
Is it just me or is this your name here?
(And I'm not surprised he said that, being the narcissist he is.)
So, you really declared that you'd confess to Junie if you won the mock trial? (Because he's definitely not the shy type.)
(No, it's your vanity that's on a whole other level.)
No, that wasn't my intention. Besides, you were never actually defeated.
That wasn't my intention, either!
(Wow, this guy can't take being humbled, old country style.)
(Who does this guy think he is?!)
Thanks. And don't worry, we'll prove Juniper's innocence, you'll see.
So this is the maintenance area. Let's see... During the mock mock trial, Prosecutor Gavin said... ...that the art room is right above here on the third floor... ...and that they body was dropped from there onto a high jump mat from the storehouse.
Hey, it's Robin!
Yikes! Right back at you! ...So, what are you doing out here?
Oh, right... The girl you like got arrested, so you're psyching yourself up to rescue her?
(Except that I hear some discord in that manliest of men's voice of yours...)
(...Which is "not at all possible" by the sound of it.) Um, so do you mind if I ask you some questions as Junie's lawyer?
(Ouch... My ears ache already.)
Robin, could you tell me a little more about yourself?
The Fine Arts Club?
Looks like broken pottery or plaster. Maybe this is the source of that noise we heard.
Wicked statues...? Wait are these supposed to be you and Mr. Wright?
Say... Did you create those stage statues by any chance?
What do you mean?
Yeees! I'm totally on your guy side! She must have been an incredible woman!!!
Don't worry. I'll clear Junie's name, you'll see.
School rule? Which one?
(Junie will never become a judge unless I can prove her innocence. And if I fail, the three of them will never realize their dream. ...It's like someone put pressure on my pressure.)
What do you think? Nice and shiny, huh?
Really?! Thanks!
(Wait, what does clay have to do with my badge?)
So, Robin, is this article true?
Hmm... Maybe the author just wants your attention?
(Hmm, I wonder...)
This topic sure seems to strike a raw nerve. I hope it doesn't come between you guys.
(In other words, it's under a lot of pressure and ready to blow at any moment...?)
Ooh, I know! I'll just quietly sneak over for a listen. Here goes...
Huh? Eeeeeeeeek! Ouch! Who put this stupid box here? Wait............ Eek! A-A-Apollo! This box, there's...!
Th-Th-There's! There's someone or... *gulp* something inside!
Wh-What's with the box?
(Who cares? I'm sure it was rejected for a good reason.)
Oh, so you're studying to be a judge, too? You must be classmates with Juniper. Are you a friend of hers?
For tomorrow's trial? What are you talking about?
So, the witness for the prosecution is... some weirdo in a cardboard box?
Really?! That means...! (A lie, already? That was quick)
You're completely boxed in now, Myriam! And Apollo's power is like a box cutter with x-ray vision! Prepare to be exposed!
Okay, then let me ask you this... Why were you selected as a witness?
Thanks, Myriam. You've revealed who you truly are: As someone who's never had Junie's best interest in mind.
Look, you may want answers, but... No can do, because what you're saying conflicts with this piece of evidence.


Scatterbrained? If I'm wrong, just say so.
Ugh!
...Are you really that dense? This article is full of malicious lies about Junie! It's definitely not something a true friend of hers would write!
I don't think so, Myriam. You even said it yourself just a moment ago. "It's a one-woman operation." Or did you forget already?
Now, I want the truth, Myriam! You hide in your box in order to collect gossip for your sleazy paper, isn't that right?!
Dirty little secret...? All right, what are you planning to say in court, huh?
(The end justifies the means? Wait a second!)
(Doesn't she realize that's totally illegal?!)
Yes, please! That's so nice of you to--
Tsk! You're so mean, Myriam!
Who? Junie, Hugh, and Robin? And what do you mean by fatal fissure?
Used to be? They still seem to get along fine to me. (I did sense some discord, though.)
Are you implying that one of them adheres to that extreme idea you and Prof. Means have? (But why would anyone follow that philosophy?)
Umm... Is it really that amazing?
(Am I to understand that the contents run the entire spectrum of fecal matter as well...?)
Really? Wow, was that the majority opinion?
Myriam, this may come as a surprise to you, but that's called "cheating."
(Either way creeps me out.)
Ugh. We're going to have cross-examine [sic] her tomorrow, but I don't know where to start.
You're right. Let's see what else we can find out!
Well, I think I've talked to everyone who is somehow linked to the case.
...Oh, wait. We haven't met with Junie yet.
Let's head over to the detention center.
(She called me "Thena," like she used to. Maybe she's finally letting her guard down.)
Junie, the crime's unfolding exactly like your script. Any idea what's going on here?
(Hmm... Nothing we haven't heard already so far.)
Yes?! What is it, Junie?
(She wants to stay friends, but both of the guys are hoping to take it to the next level. Oh, the passion of high school drama...! Wish I could've experienced it...)
(Ahh, so if Robin had won, Hugh wouldn't have been able to confess his love to Junie. That would've kept the trio's relationship the same. Never knew Junie could be so devious.)
I was wondering about that awl you had on you when you were arrested.
Wasn't it just paint or something? I mean, I was looking at it from pretty far away, but...
A key... and the awl?
The awl suddenly shows up on the day of the trial with what looks like blood on it? I have a really bad feeling about this.
You and Prof. Courte were busy preparing for the mock trial together yesterday, right? Was that the last time you saw her?
How come? I mean, it's so well made. Aren't you going to wear it when you sing?
...Reminds me of the old Junie when you talk like that. Makes me want to protect you.
So what if you took that can-do spirit and applied it to your singing?
(Maybe she is in over her head.)
Yeah, but to have three good friends all play leading roles? It's pretty amazing if you think about it.
I don't know... Is that really the issue here? (But whenever I bring it up...)
Yes, I know that, but... (Her words seem kind of forced.)
We'll do everything we can to prove you innocent tomorrow.
The Junie I knew was always like that -- a little weak and sickly. But the fact that she's lifted her façade shows that she trusts us. Even still...
Well, when Junie and her two friends were talking about their friendship... ...I sensed some discord in their hearts.
Yeah, but it was really faint. I might've been mistaken. (There's no reason to doubt their friendship... is there?)
I suppose you're right... Might as well forget about that and concentrate on the trial!
Okay! The victim Constance Courte was murdered in the art room on the third floor. Then, her body was moved to the outdoor stage in the quad. Also, the location where we found the body was just as the mock trial script described.
What do you mean?
Oh, no! (The mock trial ended right before the prosecution was about to win! Well, that's not gonna happen! This time, Junie WILL be declared "not guilty"! Of course, I intend to get our results the honest way. We can do this! We'll be fine! After all, I have Apollo and he's the king of being fine.)
Nothing of particular interest here.
(Ugh. My butterflies have butterflies in their stomach.)
My heart hasn't raced this fast since I ran that full marathon last year.
(There's that the-end-justifies-the-means concept again.)
(I wish he'd stop saying that.) That's your method, Professor. I'm going to defend Juniper in my own way.
Heh heh! That's an easy one, Professor! Seeking justice for my clients!
Well, I'll just have to make sure that doesn't happen, then, won't I!
(Grrrrrrr...)
(I do, too, but...)
Ugh! Thanks to him, I'm feeling even more pressure than before.
I'll be fine! And I haven't forgotten what Mr. Wright said! "The worst of times are when lawyers have to force their biggest smiles."
(That's right. I have Apollo to back me up. Junie's fate rests in my hands. I won't rest until she walks free!)
A-Athena Cykes, d-defense team leader, is ready, Your Honor!
I'll... I'll be fine!
(And now we don't even get an opening statement...?)
(Detective Fulbright... He and Prosecutor Blackquill have become quite the team.)
Well, I don't think they're capable of mind melding, if that's what you're thinking.
Maybe Blackquill should train it not to mess up people's hair while he's at it.
(But why is this the first we've heard of a death threat at the moment of the murder?)
(But the voice does sound female...)
(So the prosecution heard about Hugh seeing the body...)
Me neither...
I knew it... (Please, Detective Fulbright... Don't say what I think you're about to say...)
Noooooooooooooooo!
(You could at least pretend to be upset for me.)
(I guess neither the carrot nor the stick works on Detective Fulbright.)
(A former ninja in prison? Holy shinto! How can the judge believe this load of crock?!)
*gulp* (That makes perfect sense. What now?!)
Ugh. He's like a pit bull once it sinks its teeth into you.
N-No problem! I-I mean, yes I'm ready... I think... (Time to find a hole in her testimony, and unbox the truth! I've seen it done over and over. I know I can do this!)

There must be places where the script and the case diverge!

I'm not worried. My skin is as fair as silk.

Wh-What did you just say?!
Tsk, whose side are you on?! Hurry up and think of a clever comeback!
Hmmm... (Looks like I won't be passing this off as a coincidence.)

Somebody could've stolen a peek beforehand!
(Shame on you, Myriam!)
(Interesting point. Still...) Ms. Scuttlebutt, won't you get in trouble later for admitting to such underhanded tactics?
(How is you blurting out your own crime entrapment?!)

How do you know that Professor Courte wasn't going to use her script?
(I can't help but feel Prof. Courte went out of her way NOT to use it.)

Anyone who saw the mock trial could have recreated the crime! After they saw the mock trial, they could've easily staged the body just like the script.

Wh-Wh-What did you just say?!
This is no time for jokes, Apollo! He just called me a canary!
Gah... That's right...
Elementary school?!
(In a school paper? Seriously?)
(Anyone can see the similarities between the script and this case. But that doesn't mean Junie's the killer!)
Okay, got it! (Press relentlessly! Right!)
N-No... Nooooooooooooooo! (Even my arguments get thrown back in my face. It wasn't supposed to be like this. What am I going to do?)
Huh?
I don't follow.
.........Ah! I get it! Thanks, Apollo! Ms. Scuttlebutt! Just so we're clear, you're claiming... ...that the killer INTENTIONALLY made the crime scene just as it was in the script... ...and that it is beyond the shadow of a doubt NOT a coincidence. Is that correct?

Our client made the crime scene look just like the script, something known only to her? That would be not just foolhardy, but completely irrational!
(It wouldn't make any sense for Junie to mimic her own script on purpose because it would...)
Intentionally making the crime scene look like the script... ...would expose the secret script for all to see!
No, I'm good. Moving right along...
I want a refuuuund! (Ugh. There's something obviously wrong with this whole set-up.)
Here's the thing. The mock trial details were kept secret. In short, there was no way our client could've known what was in the script!
Of course I didn't forget! Our client wrote--! Er... whoops.
Eeeeeek! (Ugh. I think I need to find an explanation that actually makes sense.)
The murder scene was the same as it was in the mock trial script. That in and of itself is irrational!
Okay, let's say for argument's sake, that Ms. Woods is the killer. If so, then... ...what reason would she have to intentionally make the actual murder mimic her own script?
That's right. If she had really done that... ...it would've been like proclaiming to the world that she was the killer! So, what we ACTUALLY have here is evidence of someone trying to frame our client!
The body was found on the day of the mock trial, in short, the day the details were revealed. So it would be completely inconceivable for the murder to go exactly like the script!
E-Enough with the stupid sword metaphors, already!
R-Reason? What reason?

No! The mock trial was only stopped after the body was accidently [sic] discovered!
Wh-What?! Ms. Scuttlebutt saw the body, too?!
Wait, so you didn't call the police?!
Y-You can't do that!
...Block off all the holes in her box... ...and spin her like a top while Detective Fulbright cackled in delight?

Why did you withhold such key testimony?!
I know, but her testimony points to her as being a potential suspect!
The witness left the Lecture Hall to sneak into Ms. Woods's room before the mock trial. That means she, too, could have moved the victim's body!
The prosecution's claim no longer has any ground to stand on! Heeeeeelp!
(Undercover reporter class?)
Oooh...
Huh? N-No, wait a minute...
Ugh. (Why can't he say, "You reap what you sow"?)
A-Apollo?
Or pretty stupid. ...Well, this is an unexpected turn.
Ah! So, then...!
(She stayed under the box, even while running after someone? Sounds difficult...)
Hrgh!
Thanks, Apollo. You're a lifesaver.

You said you snuck in, but why would you do something like that?!
(Huh. Never took Myriam for such a go-getter.)

Why would she change into that costume? The mock trial was about to begin.
But, this only shows the back of whoever was fleeing.
I guess you're right, but... (This doesn't seem to be getting me anywhere.)

That doesn't mean you had to chase her.
But you never did catch up to her, did you?
That reminds me. Didn't you fall during the chase? When you tripped on your box?
Sure are a lot of holes in your story. Or is that just the Scuttlebutt brand of journalism?

What would our client have to gain from leading you there?

But, as we all know, Ms. Scuttlebutt didn't alert the authorities. And as a result, the mock trial began as scheduled!
Arrrgh!

You say it was our client because the figure you witnessed was wearing her costume. Isn't that a bit simplistic?
......... (Sure it's simple, but I'd hardly call it clear-cut.)

She keeps saying that it was Junie, but she didn't even actually see the body.
So, even if I press her on never seeing the body... ...I won't be able to overturn this testimony.
Ms. Scuttlebutt's sole basis for identifying our client as the figure in this photo... ...is the fact that it shows someone in Ms. Woods's stage costume.
No, that's where you're completely mistaken!
This is a design drawing of our client's stage costume.
I'm glad you noticed, because those stars are precisely what's important here. In the drawing, there are constellations all over the outside of the costume. But there's not a single star on the costume in the photo!
Your Honor, there were no other blue costumes at the scene. Which leads me to believe... ...that the figure in the photo was wearing our client's costume inside out.
Well, it's not really a matter of why... ...but rather, who made the mistake of putting it on inside out.
That's right. I'm glad you're catching on. The costume's designer wouldn't put her own costume on inside out!
Sorry, Ms. Scuttlebutt, but... ...doesn't believing you had a scoop when you really didn't make you a failure as a reporter?
Why hello, Ms. Scuttlebutt! So nice to meet the woman beneath the box!
What do you mean?
Fluorescent... paint?
Inside out...? So, then...
Gah!
Ugh. Did we just fall into his trap?
Oh, please tell me you found something that doesn't add up.
Hey, you're right! But Junie would know better than to touch it while the paint was still wet.

So basically... you're saying, my claim requires evidence to back it up?
Just because I've come this far, that doesn't mean I've thought everything through, though...
What did you expect me to do?! I'm sick of losing to this guy! But you're right... There's only one thing left to do at this point! And that's to present some evidence! Pronto!
(The fluorescent paint must have stuck to the hands of whoever touched the costume. And that paint should glow in dark places... So, I just need to carefully check every last piece of evidence!) This piece of evidence shows who touched the costume!



Or is it so on target that it's rendered him speechless?!
Gah hah! (Now I'M speechless...) Please! I think I've got it this time!
Take a look at the photo where the lights are dimmed and the spotlight is on Ms. Woods. Observe Mr. Newman's hand in that photo as he stands at the prosecutor's bench. As you can see, it's glowing, just like Ms. Woods's fluorescent paint.
But why would he put fluorescent paint on his hand for the mock trial, you may ask? The answer is he wouldn't -- not on purpose. It got there when he put the costume on.
It means the figure photographed in the costume was not our client Juniper Woods. It was her classmate, Robin Newman!
Well, you never know what's going to happen next. That's the thrill of the courtroom!
Hmm... Well... That's certainly how it looks...
(I guess nothing fazes the judge after all these years.)

Your Honor! I recommend a short therapy session for the witness.
I sensed it the moment Robin took the stand. ...The discord in his heart!
Probably! You ready, Mr. Newman? Let's see what the Mood Matrix can do for you!

He had to catch the mannequin as it suddenly started to fall over?
(Apollo's right, so maybe I should try focusing on some other emotion.)
When you mentioned the stage costume... ...I sensed a sudden, powerful feeling of joy. Would you care to explain, Mr. Newman?
I don't know, but you seem awfully interested in that costume for some reason. You didn't happen to put it on, did you?
Oh, come on! Isn't it obvious?!
That's a new piece of information! Time to run an update! (Hmm... Even after that update, something just doesn't feel right here. Do I have anything that could prove his statement contradicts what really happened?)


This piece of evidence clearly shows the contradiction in your statement!
Ugh! (I-I object to that statement! Okay, so... Maybe I should compare when he caught the mannequin against the evidence.)
You said the mannequin came falling toward you, so you stuck your hands out to stop it. If so, then then fingers of your hands would've been pointing outward like this. But that's not what the handprints show. In fact, this looks more like just your thumbs and the base of your palms.
You know why! You left them when you went to adjust the scarf after putting it on. Just like the model in the drawing!
Why don't you admit it, Mr. Newman? You DID put the stage costume on, didn't you? And you really DO like frilly clothes, don't you?
Yes! New information to plug in! Time for another update!

Hopefully, we can figure out what Robin's hiding based on this new information.
There! Another emotion that doesn't fit.
Mr. Newman, you got excited when you put the costume on... ...but you also felt sad.
Okay, Mr. Newman, out with it! Why did you feel sad?! You're hiding something, aren't you?!
You're not fooling anyone anymore. Now, tell us why you were sad!
Wow! That's a whole lot of anger and raw emotion right there! His heart is crying out in pain -- his emotions are out of control!
Right. Help me look for a conflict between his statements and the images we see. If we can find that we can wrestle him away from whatever's tormenting him. (Mr. Newman said that there's something "getting in the way" of him being pretty. Something that doesn't go with girly clothes... But what could it be?)


Right. The conflict in his testimony will most likely arise from his emotional repression.
Let's compare the images to his testimony! We might find the problem that way!
Mr. Newman, you feel a great deal of anger toward your brace, don't you? Is that what you feel is holding you back from being as pretty as you think you should be?
Mr. Newman! The truth is, you really want to take that brace off, don't you?
Is it that you can't take it off, or that you don't want to take it off?
......... (This is really weird. He exhibits intense anger toward his brace, which he calls a "symbol of masculinity"... ...but he can't take it off, even when dressing like a girl. And why is he so interested in girls' clothes in the first place? I have a feeling we're on the verge of uncovering an earth-shattering secret.)
It seems Robin is still hiding a secret. A big one.
Yes, at least I think so. ! (No, it can't be! I just thought of something, but it's totally insane!) Mr. Newman!
I'm on to your little secret. And if I'm correct, it's not very little at all. It's huge! This sounds completely insane, but it's the only possibility left.
Mr. Newman! You like to dress like a girl!
You will? (Now???)
(But if he really likes to dress like a girl, you'd think he'd want to... ...take that "symbol of masculinity" off when he does it. Wait, could this mean...?)
You don't like girls, do you?
Oh... Then, what? You like girls?
What? N-No, of course not! (Better try something else.)
Mr. Newman, or should I say... Ms. Newman... You are and have always been a girl!
No, I'm completely serious. I don't have any direct evidence. But that's what Robin's heart is shouting out, loud and clear!
Ahhhhhhh! The brace! It's...!
(What an amazing transformation.) Well, all the discord is gone. The image is now complete!
I don't know. Maybe it's because she finally got her troubles off her chest, literally.
The fact that the witness is a girl does change things. Because there is now a piece of evidence that we must re-evaluate!


This piece of evidence must be reconsidered because Mr. Newman is really Ms. Newman!
Yes, Your Honor. You see, I feel that if you have a sharp eye and an open mind... ...you can discover something completely new in the most obvious of places!
Eeek! (Guess that won't fly! But I know we have some sort of evidence that could be seen differently based on sex.)
This is what I'd like the court to reconsider.
That's right. And we have already established that it's a female voice in the recording. Of all the students who could've moved the body before the mock was to start... ...our client was the only female if you exclude Ms. Scuttlebutt because of her alibi. And that is why the tape recorder made our client the prime suspect.
That's right! The witness just revealed that she's a girl! Therefore! If we are using the voice in this recording as the basis for hurling accusations... ...this witness must be labeled a suspect, too!
Yeah... But, wow, that was a lot of work for a single one.

But Ms. Newman hid the fact that she was a girl, both at the crime scene and in court! I'd say that puts her in Camp Suspicious!

............Argh! (He made it all make sense somehow! And he'll keep accusing Junie unless we can show someone else knew the script's details. But how could someone have gotten their hands on that kind of info? The only way they could've known what was in the script was if they...)
Nothing could be more simple. All anyone had to do was watch the mock trial.
Oof, that's right.
Yeowch! (What is this, Athena the Piñata Day?)
I've got it! All anyone has to do is write their own script! In a completely stream-of-thought, devil-may-care way!
Noooooo! (Oh, well, if at first you don't succeed...)
(Sorry, Junie, but... You're not going to like this.) Our client may have leaked the script's details to someone.
Ms. Woods did not want Hugh O'Conner to win the mock trial. That's why I believe she leaked the details to the witness, Robin Newman.
Right. Junie was probably trying to keep their friendship from becoming awkward.

You sure?! Can you look me in the eye and swear you didn't?
Grr...
Really?
Y-Yeah. Uh, which way, exactly?
Umm... "Oh, the red suit." Ah! (I-I think I've got it...!) Your Honor! We have evidence proving that Ms. Newman knew the contents of the script. The defense moves to present said evidence to the court!
This evidence proves that Ms. Newman had prior knowledge of the script's contents.


S-O-R-R-Y!
(When Robin commented about the body in the mock trial... ...it was like she was saying Prof. Courte was wearing the sweat suit she always wore. That's not something you'd expect her to say, unless...!)
Ms. Newman, during the mock trial, you were shown a photo of the victim's body... ...and reportedly, you reacted by saying, "Oh, the green sweat suit."
You seemed to have some issue with the green sweat suit, and I think I know why. The proof is in the script, specifically on the "Things to Prepare" page. "Sweat suit: Victim's outfit will be a red one from the prosecutor course."
You were surprised because the sweat suit in the photo was green. But, if you didn't know about the script's content... Then that shouldn't have surprised you!
In light of her privileged knowledge, I move to declare Ms. Newman a suspect, Your Honor!
Note...? What note?
You're not seriously going to suggest...!
...Is this really true, Ms. Newman?
(...Wait a sec!) If there's a note with details about the body, then that means... ...there are others who could have made the murder look like our client's script!
Apparently, this case isn't as clear-cut as Prosecutor Blackquill would have us believe. This new revelation blasts a big fat hole in the prosecution's case!
And why not?!
(You want it? Don't worry, I'm gonna bring it!)
Right. Our client wasn't at school at the estimated time of death, so she couldn't be--
(One little statement and Mr. Cool loses it? What's that all about?)
I know Junie would never lie like that! That pompous schoolboy won't know what hit him!
D-Do you have any proof of that?!
(Great... Another inconvenient testimony.)

So, um... do you meditate often?
What's that supposed to mean?
Wha--?!

Objection! Objection!!! OBJECTIIIIOOOOON!!! I'm just trying to establish the witness's--
That's it! You'd better take that--!

Our client has stated she went home at 6:00 PM!
You and Prof. Courte were busy preparing for the mock trial together yesterday, right? Was that the last time you saw her?
Ugh. (But if Junie was there, that means she's lying.)

So you just walked past a good friend, barely saying a word?

Annoyingly loud voices?! I'd like it if you refrained from insulting my partner like that!

You had no reason to be in the art room... Really?
What about art class?
All right, then let me ask you--
You did?
(Riiight... Always happy to indulge in some ego-stroking. Anyway, what to ask next...)
Please tell the court what you were dong on October 23rd, the day before the mock trial.
Nothing at all? You didn't help with the preparations?
(Junie put her heart and soul into getting things ready, while he just sat on his behind?)
But you didn't talk to anyone? Not a single soul?
I see... This is crucial information. Please add it to your testimony.
Why would an honor student like you ignore the last bell?
Do you remember exactly how late?
I was hoping you'd say that.
Actually, never mind. I've got all the info I need.

You ignored the last bell for no reason? Shame on you!
Grrr...!
Arrrgh!
Et tu, Your Honor...?! (Hmmm... Now what? Ask another question?)
Did you stop by the art room, or as it's now known, the scene of the crime?
Can you prove it?
As much as I'd like to say I could, I can't. But I will ask how often do you visit there?
There's no reason for you to be there?
How considerate. Thank you for noticing. Let's add your statement to your testimony.
Please tell the court what you were dong on October 23rd, the day before the mock trial.
Nothing at all? You didn't help with the preparations?
(Junie put her heart and soul into getting things ready, while he just sat on his behind?)
But you didn't talk to anyone? Not a single soul?
I see... This is crucial information. Please add it to your testimony.
Actually, never mind. I've got all the info I need.

You really didn't talk to anyone?
(So, he didn't have any conversations? The entire day? Me thinks that claim needs a little more scrutiny. But what should I do? Is there anything I should ask about in more detail?)
Did you stop by the art room, or as it's now known, the scene of the crime?
Can you prove it?
As much as I'd like to say I could, I can't. But I will ask how often do you visit there?
There's no reason for you to be there?
How considerate. Thank you for noticing. Let's add your statement to your testimony.
Why would an honor student like you ignore the last bell?
Do you remember exactly how late?
I was hoping you'd say that.
Actually, never mind. I've got all the info I need.


All right, I'll take you up on your kind offer!
Umm, Mr. O'Conner, I want to ask you...
Did you stop by the art room, or as it's now known, the scene of the crime?
Can you prove it?
As much as I'd like to say I could, I can't. But I will ask how often do you visit there?
There's no reason for you to be there?
How considerate. Thank you for noticing. Let's add your statement to your testimony.
Why would an honor student like you ignore the last bell?
Do you remember exactly how late?
I was hoping you'd say that.
Please tell the court what you were dong on October 23rd, the day before the mock trial.
Nothing at all? You didn't help with the preparations?
(Junie put her heart and soul into getting things ready, while he just sat on his behind?)
But you didn't talk to anyone? Not a single soul?
I see... This is crucial information. Please add it to your testimony.
Wow, is that the confidence and composure that comes from being a genius?
(Sure, but if Junie was really still at school after 6:00 PM... Ugh. I didn't spot any inconsistencies in Hugh's testimony, either. What am I supposed to do now?)
So, you didn't talk to anybody on October 23rd? Are you sure about that?
Okay, then how do you explain this? And don't spare any details.
This is the victim's planner. She recorded all of her plans in great detail. Take a look at this page here. It reads, "23rd - Meet with Hugh" and "Important." Don't you find that... interesting?
The keyword here is "important." You say you were at the archery range all day. But you also said a few students came and went while you were there. That doesn't sound like a great place for an important talk.
I thought about that, too. But the situation changes after the last bell.
The witness stayed after the last bell... ...in order to have a private talk with the victim. Am I right, Mr. O'Conner?!
No, I don't have any direct evidence. However, the witness was meditating until after the last bell. And he attempted to conceal his private meeting with the victim!
I had my suspicions about Robin, but... ...Hugh seems just as guilty! These three are the only possible suspects, after all!
Mr. O'Conner, answer me this! Did you meet with Prof. Courte that day?
Ooh... (He has a point...)
Uuuurgh! (Could he lay any more pressure on...?!)
Yeah... You're right. In which case...! (To whom does the voice on the tape really belong to?)
The voice on the tape is that of this witness!

Then let me ask, did you know Robin was a girl all along?
See, Your Honor, I have him squirming on the stand!
Arghh! (Now I'M the one squirming at my stand... The voice is definitely female. That much we know. In that case...)
If the voice is female, it must belong to our client Juniper Woods!
Huh?
Wait... Oh, oops! Your Honor, let's pretend I never said that!
Uuugh! (If it wasn't Junie's voice, then...)
The voice on the tape belongs to the victim. That's the only thing that makes sense.
Hmm... (Yeah, that is a problem.) You're a goner... You're a goner... You're a goner...
You're a goner... You a goner... Hew a corner... Hue o conner? ...Wait a second!
YOU'RE scared? I'm terrified for even coming up with this!
Prosecutor Blackquill! You wanted to know if I am worthy of my badge. Well, I'm about to show you why, despite my age, I'm able to proudly wear this at all!
I agree, if that's what the victim was saying. But it's not.
(Not exactly... But you don't have to add fuel to his fire, Your Honor!) If it is indeed Prof. Courte's voice on the tape, then she was shouting because she was...
"You're a goner!" was a threat directed at the witness!
Oh, well, she was at that rebellious age. You know how students can be.
Noooooo! (How could I forget such a basic fact?! You're a goner... You a goner... Hew a corner... Wait! Maybe...!)
"You're a goner" was a threat the witness shouted at the victim!
Oh, right, heh heh.
No fair! (Two against one! You're a goner... You a goner... Hew a corner... Wait! Maybe...!)
I would like to call one basic fact into question. Is that shout on the tape really saying, "You're a goner!"?
Prof. Courte's planner says she was supposed to meet with the witness for an important talk. Perhaps our witness, despite being a genius, had done something wrong... And this made Prof. Courte get angry with him during their private meeting.
Well, if you want to see how it changes things ...then let's try a little experiment. Your Honor, I want you to tell at the witness as if you're mad at him. But... and this important... use his full name!
Yes, like that! Now try again, but faster!

(You think I'd spend the energy to lead you this far if it wasn't true?!) Ah, but it is, Your Honor. Humans are not perfect, that's scientific fact. We sometimes mistake shadows for monsters, or the winds for voices.
(You can do this, Athena! Just give the old guy one more little push...!) The voice on the tape recorder never was "You're a goner!" That's only what we thought we heard, when in fact, it was the witness getting yelled at! The court will note that this is different from the selective hearing men are so good at!
Never mind. The important thing is that the voice that was recorded isn't our client's. And since it was the victim scolding the witness, he must now join the list of suspects!
(E-Evidence? What's he going to pull out now?!)
Wait, was this taken in the art room -- the room where the murder occurred?
WH-WHAAAAAAT!
(Junie was with Prof. Courte just five minutes before she was murdered? What now? Nothing I say can change that fact...!)
Ngaaah!
B-B-But...! I became a lawyer so I could--
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!
(If he thinks I'm giving up now, he's got another thing coming! I have to find my inner strength if I ever hope to save him. But I can't think of any way to strike back. The worst of times are when lawyers have to force their biggest smiles? That's impossible! How could I smile under these circumstances, even if I forced it?!)
(Wait, maybe this was his real plan? Was he just trying to show me how weak and powerless I am?! Maybe he's right, because I really haven't got a clue! Who's the real killer? Who murdered Prof. Constance Courte?) Robin Newman, a girl who had been forced to live a lie as a guy? Or was it Hugh O'Conner, the honor student who had met with Prof. Courte?
Ms. Newman, please explain yourself!
You do? You know who the real killer is? (What is she up to now?)
Uh......... WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!
(I don't get it. Why is SHE confessing?)
Juniper! Wh-What are you doing?!
Junie! No! Don't do it!

Junie! You know that's not true! Hurry up, and retract your statement!
(Protect each other? Wait... So, was Robin just trying to protect Junie, too? If so, then the real killer is...)
(Uh-oh, now it's Hugh's turn...)
Wait............ WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!
Argh! I... I am so confused right now...!
(Pinch me, I think I'm dreaming...)

That statement contradicts the evidence!
J-Just look at it! It's one huge contradiction!
Eeeeeek! (Crash and burn!)

Your Honor, Members of the Court, please look at this. That's right. There's no need to explain anything. This piece of evidence says it all.
Aaaaahhh! (I guess that won't fly.)

This piece of evidence clearly reveals the inconsistency in the witness's testimony!
Ugh! (And I really tried hard that time, too.) Your Honor, can I at least get credit for trying?
Noooooo!
...If you insist. (Actually, I could really use the help.)
Th-Thanks, Apollo!
N-No, I'm totally fine! (Actually, I'm not anywhere near fine.)
Oh, so it's like grabbing a bull by the horns and wrestling it to the ground!
Th-Thanks, Apollo! (Okay, let's give it a try!)

Mr. Newman, this emotion is inconsistent with your testimony!
Yikes! (I wouldn't really call that an emotion!) Wonder where I went wrong? Well, better try that again!

The source of Mr. Newman's anger... is this!
Eeeeek! (No good, huh?) I'm trying to listen carefully, but all his shouting -- it's...!
No worries! I'm gonna nail it next time!
...Sorry, Boss. I couldn't do it. You know, that little bit of advice you gave me? "The worst of times are when lawyers have to force their biggest smiles"? I don't know exactly what you meant... ...but there was no way I could force a smile in that courtroom today.
R-Relax?! Not gonna happen!
Junie... she asked me to defend her because she believes in me. But I... I... felt completely helpless. If it weren't for their confessions, I'd...!
Well, I'll just have to make sure that doesn't happen, then, won't I!
(No, I can't lose it all! Not now!)
...I can't just stand around here! I'm going to finish the investigation!
Thanks, but I'd better get going! Save me one for when I get back. Apollo, you wait here! I need to see Junie at the Detention Center first right away!
(There's so much I need to ask Junie. What happened in court today... Where we go from here...)
Oh, Prof. Means. What brings you here?
(She was calling me "Thena" until just now...) No, I should be the one apologizing. The whole thing spiraled out of my control.
Don't worry! I'll really bring it tomorrow! I'll find something to prove your innocence!
...Huh?
(Oh... So, she thinks Prof. Means would be... No! I can't let this happen! Not with the way he wants to do things!) J-Junie!
(The body was moved right before the mock trial. Besides Junie, they're the only ones... ...who could move freely around the campus at that time...) I'm sorry, Junie, but at this point, I can't rule them out.
B-But how can you possibly prove that all three of them are innocent?
(Ugh... I really don't like the sound of that.)
A-Apollo?!
(There's that smile again. Why does it always creep me out?)
About your confession, Junie. It's not true, is it? You just said what you did because Robin had confessed on the stand, didn't you?
(Why is there discord in her voice again? ...Could it really be that the friendship between the three of them is on the rocks? There's more here than meets the eye.)
When did you three first become friends?
(There's that proof of friendship again. I just wish this were as simple as that.)
(I think I understand now. By putting their friendship on a pedestal, they actually did more harm than good. It seems the relationship between the three of them isn't as simple as I thought.)
Yeah, thanks, Junie. Now, if you could tell us about the day of the murder...
Junie, you told us yesterday that you went home a little after 6:00 PM. Was that a lie?
That's it? You didn't go anywhere else?
(If that really were it, then there would be no reason to lie in the first place. She's gotta be hiding something else.)
Wrong? What's wrong?
But the clock here says it's just after 7:00.
Okay, just one last question about the day of the murder.
On the day before the mock trial -- the evening of the murder -- you ran into Hugh.
(She suddenly went silent. She always was terrible at hiding things. Was she trying to keep their meeting a secret by lying about going home at 6:00?) All right, I won't press the matter any further.
The killer is trying to make this case look exactly like your script. That's why this awl was used like that.
(Yeah, that's the million-dollar question. I wonder if Junie has her suspicions but is afraid to share them with me.)
Junie, can you tell us anything about this?
(She went silent. Seems like she doesn't want to talk about it.)
Is there anything else you noticed on the night of the murder?
Around 8:30, huh? That's over an hour after when the crime supposedly took place.
Oh, right... The statues that Robin made. So they were covered in white sheets...?
J-Junie! Are you okay?

Junie! ...And Prof. Means! I have a proposal!
By sundown today...!
I, Athena Cykes, along with Apollo Justice...!
We're going to discover the truth behind this murder mystery!
And we're going to bring you solid evidence showing just what that truth is!
If we succeed in doing that... ...I want you to promise that you'll accept it, Junie, no matter how hard it is to hear.
Then, you shouldn't need anyone else to defend you except me. Have we got a deal? ...I trust that's okay with you too, Prof. Means?
Junie, it's way too early to thank me. But you can thank me all you want once I get to the bottom of this!
Okay, see you later!
(Argh! This is no time to be thinking about that! I've got an investigation to do. I WILL find the truth by sundown, no matter what!)
Right, and that means at least one of them is lying.
(We'll have to bring it all to light. I'm not looking forward to it, but it has to be done!)
Yeah, like when the voice was recorded, and who went to the art room and when. If we analyze the info we have, we should be able to ID the killer! There's no lead in these legs! I've been training for a day like this! Okay, on my mark! Ready, set--
Poor Junie. She gets discouraged much easier than I do, too. I'll just have to reassure her the best I can!) No problem. All we have to do is find some irrefutable evidence before the day is done!
We still have time to turn this whole case upside down! But it'll require some legwork!
That's the spirit! We'll start with wind sprints! Two hundred yards, ten times! Ready to go?!
(That's not the most appetizing place to keep snacks...) You know, I'm not that hungry anymore. I'll just have some juice from the fridge.
(Ugh. That's even worse.) M-Maybe next time. I'm really busy with the investigation and all.
(Just the very thought is making me shudder.)
I wasn't nearly that good, but thanks.
Sure...
Okay...
Right...
Hey, that's a great idea! Let's talk about it once we settle this case.
Oh, uh... how would that work?
(Oh, they'd be on their feet, all right, but definetely not to cheer.)
Is it my imagination or did something just move?
I don't want to be caught napping again at tomorrow's trial. And that means a thorough investigation today. Think you can lend us a hand?
You're the best, Prosecutor Gavin! (Okay, time for a thorough investigation. I bet we missed lots of stuff yesteday!)
Prosecutor Gavin, you were scheduled to perform at the school festival, weren't you?
Oh, the plans from yesterday. What's that design on the banner there in the back? I know the scales are the school emblem... ...but what's with the number six? It looks like it's in serious pain or something.
Oh! I, uh... I meant, it looks like the number six rocking seriously hard.
(Come to think of it, one of the broken statues was of Prosecutor Gavin.)
Actually, this statue broke into rather large pieces. Why don't we try to put it back together? Maybe we'll learn something new.
Yay! Let's do this! Schnell!
What do you mean, "nein"?
(It's a piece of evidence, you-- Oh, never mind.)
Sixty-seventh?! Wow, this school festival goes way back. Oh, look. The text on this sign isn't written, it's embroidered! And there's a warning in even smaller embroidery... "Embroidered sign lovingly crafted by the Handicrafts Club. KEEP DRY!" (But the sign is outside. What happens if it rains?)
I dunno... This is fine for a rock concert, but... The nighttime sky as backdrop for a courtroom?
(Three-day trial outdoors? No thanks. If it starts raining my hair'll be ruined!)
There's even a prosecutor's bench here on this stage.
I can picture it now -- you with your silvery singing voice and Apollo sweating bullets.
The winner of the mock trial was to take the training seminar right here.
Yeah... Besides Junie, they're the only ones who could move freely around the campus... ...before the mock trial. That means one of them must be the killer.
Right. And that means we have to find irrefutable evidence before the day ends! (There's no time to lose! But we can't rush it, either! Efficiency is the key!)
Wow, they built a witness stand, too, even though it's just a temporary stage. (Oh, but I think they're still working on it. Let's see what this notice says.) "Caution: Pedestal features a high-speed rotation mode. Activate with care." (You mean this thing spins...?)
It's a bit too far away to get a good look. Maybe we should try a different angle.
Ooh, I like the view. The judge can look down on everything from up here.
Hmm... Is that so, Mr. Justice?
Wrong answer again, Mr. Justice. A penalty for our mock lawyer!
The body's gone. All that's left is a white outline. I never knew Prof. Courte personally... ...but seeing her reduced to a white outline leaves me cold inside.
You're right. Let's use her final messages to catch her killer!
Oh, no, Prosecutor Gavin! You're a complete wreck, literally! Why in the world would someone do something like this?
Hey, look what I made! Not bad, huh?
Well, you know what they say. Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery! In any case, we have a statue smasher in addition to a killer to catch now!
The other statue Robin made... It's been smashed to bits. If there were some larger pieces, we might be able to put this one back together, too.
I wonder what Mr. Wright would think... ...if he knew we put Prosecutor Gavin's statue back together, but left his like this.
But she and her symbols were shattered along with the statues of you and Mr. Wright. This is a direct challenge to the rule of law! Well, if they want a fight, they've got one!
Look! There's your rival over there, Apollo!
No, not him. I'm meant [sic] that speaker over there! It can output massive blasts of sound that rival your Chords of Steel!
Wait... You don't think this weird box here is--
I knew it. I'd know that voice anywhere.
(So, this is the future cardboard box technology has afforded us, huh...)
It's a copy of the school paper with that story about the alleged love triangle. I wonder if people waste their time reading this stuff...
Y-You're just hearing things! It was nothing more than your ears playing tricks on you!
Found one! A piece of Prosecutor Gavin's shattered pride!
Okay, let's find what we can!
Found another piece of the statue!
Thanks, Apollo! This makes five piece in all.
Okay, let's get back to where Prosecutor Gavin was shattered!
Well, I don't see any other big pieces lying around.
All right, Apollo you come over here and Prosecutor Gavin, if you could hold this...
We did it! Not bad, if I do say so myself!
Hm... These two look like they go together. And these pieces, too!
Don't stop me now. The artist inside me wants to get out and have a good time!
Whew! I love that feeling you get after you work really hard on something!
(Still, I could swear I've seen this statue somewhere before.)
I've been wondering about something this whole time. You know that pole at the edge of the stage?
This pole supports the wire over the stage. Just seeing it makes me want to climb it.
What's wrong with being competitive? You need to man up a little, Apollo.
Yeah, and these beautiful walls are like a big blank canvas. See? My shoeprints leave really distinct marks.
That's the art room over there? As in the scene of the crime?!
Hey...! Anyone in the art room?!
Ah, it's Detective Fulbright! ...In justice we trust!
Detective Fulbright! Can you lower that banner from there?!
Thanks, Detective! In justice we trust!
That's the art room -- the scene of the crime -- over there. Let's get Detective Fulbright's attention!
Aww... I really wanted to do that whole "In justice we trust!" thing again.
It’s a little hard to see from this angle. Let’s look at it head-on.
An unflappable banner? Hey, I like that! It goes perfect with unflappable lawyers and unflappable rockers! It's like it was made for this very stage!
Geez, did you really have to? You don't come across an unflappable banner every day!
What a cruel world we live in.
I got it! ............Yes! Great catch, huh?! Looks like some kind of note. What does it say?
A test score maybe? Pretty impressive when you consider that 100 is a perfect score!
This is the emblem that's on Junie's school uniform.
This banner was on a wire connected to the art room.
This stain might be from the victim's blood!
There's really not much of interest here. At least, that's what my intuition tells me.
(Hmm... We've pretty much finished searching around here, but... just one more look.)
Whew! That was a whole lot of poking around in such a short time.
Actually, there was one more thing I wanted to check out. See that metal fence back there? There's just that one segment, so it seems out of place.
Hmm... This track looks man-made.
Maybe a big muddy pro wrestler was hiding back there.
Looks like something was being dragged through here, and this is where it started.
Aww, then I guess it wasn't a pro wrestler. Still, this could be something important.
Right. I think we'd better search the art room next.
(Really? Or does he just want his banner back?)
Hm? Hey...
I have a pretty good idea who that is, as I suspect you do, too. Come on! We can't afford to have any weird articles written about us!
...Myriam, you're liable to get tossed in the garbage truck if you hang around here.
Hey, did you change boxes? I like the new look.
Sorry, Ms. Scuttlebutt, but... ...doesn't believing you had a scoop when you really didn't make you a failure as a reporter?
Nngh...
(I kind of feel responsible for this, but...)
What kind of a person do you think I am? (He read me like a book...)
That was you on the stage earlier, wasn't it? Why'd you run off like that?
Why are you showing me a burnt up old rag?
So, is this the banner that disappeared? It's all burned up.
(Incinerator? Did Blackquill actually make good on his threat to burn her box?)
Yeah, this banner is sounding less and less unrelated to our case, Apollo...
Um, Myriam? I owe you an apology. I shouldn't have said you were a failure as a reporter.
Myriam, you should keep publishing your paper. I didn't mean what I said, okay?
.........Did you stop it in time?
I-I know...
D-Don't worry, Myriam. Your photos may be gone... ...but the memory of your photographic genius will live on forever in all of our hearts!
Hey, Myriam, check this out! You took some amazing photos of the three of them. I'm sure they really appreciated it.
I know this won't make up for the photos you lost, but here are your newspapers back.
Myriam, why are you so obsessed with Juniper, Hugh, and Robin?
(Yeah, I think that's the only explanation.)

That's exactly what he's thinking, Myriam. You want in on their little trio!
(Now I really feel bad.) Oh, I know! Myriam, we have a laptop at the office. We'd be happy to lend it to you.
Sure, but on one condition. I want you to ask Junie, Hugh, and Robin if you can hang out with them.
Sorry, but that's the deal if you want to borrow our laptop.
Yay! I'll be by later to bring you the laptop!
Th-Thanks. Oh, it's a set of pictures.
Wow, you sure have an eye for photography! (...From what I can make out, anyway.)
Well... I'd like to talk to Hugh or Robin if possible.
I wouldn't really say I fixed it. I just looked at the pieces to see how they fit together.
Oh, I totally forgot! But we're running out of time, so...
Ah...! You wouldn't...! Would you?
(Once we take care of this case, I'd better come back and fix Mr. Wright's statue, too!)
I just wanted to say thanks for helping with our investigation!
It looks like something was dragged through the dirt here. The track seems to start from behind the backdrop.
I wouldn't rule out a pro wrestler scraping by here.
Yeah, about that. This is kinda hard to say, but...
Somehow, I don't think was a random act of vandalism.
Great, thanks! (Does he mean whoever burned the flag... ...or the professor's killer? I'll just cross my fingers that they're one and the same.)
Um... I don't quite follow.
Trick? I wasn't trying to--
N-N-No, don't! (I don't have time to put it together again!)
Well, here it is -- the art room where the grisly crime occurred. Let's start looking--
What? Can't you make an exception? You won't even notice we're--
Ugh. He doesn't seem very accommodating this time. Let's try again later.
Hey! That's Hugh over there! Hugh, we wanted a word with you, if you don't mind.
(I knew it. There's a hint of discord in Hugh's voice.)
About your confession today... You weren't serious about that, were you?
*gulp*
(Ugh. But I actually DO believe the voice is shouting, "Hugh O'Conner!")
(Hmm... Could Hugh and Robin's confessions really prove their innocence instead of their guilt? This is going to take some serious thinking on my part.)
It sure looked like Prosecutor Blackquill was twisting your arm to testify earlier today. Is there some sort of secret he's using against you?
(One little statement and Mr. Cool loses it? What's that all about?)
(So, he's not denying it. That secret might be causing the discord in his voice. Then again, we have the same problem with Junie and Robin.)
About that meeting with Prof. Courte on the 23rd... Why did she want to see you?
Ugh... Prof. Means strikes again. (Then again, Hugh IS in the lawyer course.) But didn't Prof. Courte used to say that the only good result is the truth? So, why don't you drop this whole charade and just tell me the truth!
No, you're wrong! I don't care what anyone says. I'm going to defend Junie the right way -- using the truth! (That's the only way to honor Junie's wishes and Prof. Courte's memory!)
Hugh...
Wh-What's that supposed to mean?
Were?
What? Why?
Wh-What are you saying?!
Is it just me or is this your name here?
(And I'm not surprised he said that, being the narcissist he is.)
He doesn't care about her anymore? Why would he say that?
All right. We don't really have much time left, anyway.
Thanks again for lowering that school banner for us earlier.
Find anything new, Detective Fulbright?
(He sure is confident for having found nothing...)
Oh, dear! Unless I find out what that is, I don't know what I shall do.
Wow, you saw right through me, Detective! I'm impressed.
Come on, just tell us, already!
Voiceprint? You mean for this tape recorder?
Argh! (He's the last person I want laughing at me!)
(I don't know... I can't think of any reason why Junie would shout that in the first place.)
Is all that really necessary?
Nngh...... (Hmph. No comment!)
Yeah, but even if the case and the script are similar, that doesn't mean Juniper's guilty. I already proved that in court this morning!
Well, we better get back to our investigation.
(Seriously? He wants me to help him convict our client?)
I don't think so. We have new evidence that will blow your case out of the water!
Well, tomorrow I'll be using a new shampoo and I'm changing breakfast cereals, too! What about you, Apollo?! What'll be new with you tomorrow?!
W-Wow, Apollo! That was actually really inspiring!
(I'd be happy if I never saw one of those again.)
Hey, this area with the rope around it...
The fact that there's no visible blood means it was wiped up with something, right?
In a nutshell, is JUSTICE... right?
This is the clock that created that major problem for Junie. Let's take a closer look!
You sure? How'd you check it?
Um... Detective Fulbright, didn't you notice that your watch had stopped?
Let's see... Wait a second! It's ahead by one whole hour. Well, Detective?
This clock must've also been an hour ahead when this photo was taken! If so, that would fit perfectly with Junie's testimony. Prosecutor Blackquill won't like this. I almost feel sorry for the detective... Almost.
(Hmm... That's a good question. Wait. I think I just might have something...) Detective Fulbright, you would agree that there is a moon outside this window, right?
But if you look at that window in the back with the winch attached to it... ...you'll see that the only view to be had is the opposite side of the school building.
(Hmm... I wonder...)
Prosecutor Gavin, you were scheduled to perform at the school festival, weren't you?
(Isn't this the same as the one painted on the stage backdrop?) The proof's right here, Detective. This shows it was 6:00 PM when the photo was taken!


Ugh. Guess I blew that one. What now?
(Yeah, because of you!)
I know what this moon really is. And if you look at this photo, you'll know too. This shows where that moon in the photo came from and the truth of Junie's testimony.
If you look right here, it will all become crystal clear!


Um, right here. See where I'm pointing?!
Ugh... (Guess that wasn't it. Let's think about it step by step. What was that moon in the photo really made of?)
They were still prepping the stage, so its backdrop wasn't in place yet. This photo shows them in the process of moving the backdrop into position.
It is, but I believe what we're seeing in this photo is the back of the board.
That's right. And at around 6:00 PM when this was taken... ...a photo of that same board was being taken from the front.
That's where you're wrong. What about the window? Remember how we said the moon shouldn't even exist in this photo? Take a good look.
Exactly! In short, this photo was taken while the backdrop was being moved! And as you can see here, it was around 6:00 when the backdrop was being set in place. So, the art room clock was running fast at least as far back as the day of the murder.
(Yes! I just blew a hole in a piece of the prosecution's evidence!)
The photo taken with the school camera was from 6:00 PM or thereabouts.
Honesty is the best policy! Look him right in the eye and say you're sorry for screwing up!
(Knowing Blackquill, Detective Fulbright's going to get chewed out no matter what.)
You're right. Wonder where it is? (Robin's a member of the Fine Arts Club. Maybe she can shed some light on this.)
There's a paint palette here. No surprise there, considering this is the art room.
I prefer yellow. You, on the other hand, are way too red.
I think this is saying that the two of us have to work together to solve this case. Ooh! What if this is Prof. Courte sending us a message from beyond the grave?!
Maybe she's implying that you need more delicious greens in your diet?
Hey, look! That's you on this mobile, Apollo! A red demon!
(I really regret bringing this up.)
A picture of a girl wearing a floral hat... Oh, it has the artist's name right here. "C. Courte." Wow, Prof. Courte must've painted this!
I swear I've seen this girl before. There's an air of fragility about her. And those pity-inducing eyes... Who is this again? Her name's on the tip of my tongue.
I can see the other half of the building over there, and the quad and the stage down below.
Oh, yeah, thanks for the help, Detective!
Great, then how about telling us Prosecutor Blackquill's strategy for tomorrow?
.........Well?
(So close I could almost taste it.)
Some wire and a winch... So this is how they reeled the banners in and out. There's a nice view of the stage from here.
So, it really wasn't you, Apollo? Don't worry, you can tell me. I won't tell anyone.
Look, a piece of pottery. Looks like it's already been fired. I bet Robin made it.
Yeah, it seems like such a waste. I mean, this one already has some color on it. It looks just like bloodstains the way the glaze was dribbled on to it.
In the mock trial script, the body was dropped onto a mat. Then, a ball cart was used to move it over to the stage.
So, even the moving of the body was carried out just like in the script. The killer sure had a thing for Junie's script.
Well, you're wrong! And I'm going to prove it in court!
Let's see... Looks like everyone from the judge course submitted one.
Poor stressed-out, overworked Prof. Courte! I know exactly how that feels!
Tsk, you're one to talk, Apollo!
Maybe we should rename the firm "Wright Stuff-All-Over-the-Place Agency."
Three busts sitting on a shelf... A judge, a defendant and either a lawyer or prosecutor. The bearded one must be the judge, and the bummed out-looking one, the defendant.
I wonder which one fell -- the lawyer or the prosecutor. Think, Apollo, think! This could tell us how tomorrow's trial will go!
A picture of a girl wearing a floral hat... Oh, it has the artist's name right here. "R. Newman." Wow, Robin must've painted this!
Oh, look. There's a piece of paper stuck to the back. Let's see what it says... "Completely lacks Prof. Courte's artistry. Must keep practicing. --Robin" Huh... I think this is plenty good myself.
I bet it would've been really artistic looking.
It kinda looks like there's a Prosecutor's Badge at the top of this statue.
Oh, look, it has a title. "Guilty, Guilty, Guilty." Heh, real creative...
A mock trial script on the floor, and nearby, an envelope marked "Use."
Let's see here... "by Myriam Scuttlebutt." And the title is... "Rouge et Noir: Crimson Blood and Dark Judgment"
It says there are special rules allowing the payment of bribes while court is adjourned. Oh, and you can bring in up to three dollars worth of fabricated evidence. It also says... "Welcome to the darkest mock trial ever, where the end justifies the means!"
But the scripts were selected by Prof. Courte. Considering how much she valued the truth... ...I seriously doubt she's pick a script entitled "Crimson Blood and Dark Judgment."
Hmm... I wonder what the main argument will be about now.
Um, Detective Fulbright--
No, I wasn't going to ask about that. I was just wondering if you'd seen Robin.
(Video? What video?)
Right, let's go!
There she is! Robin! Hey, Robin!
(There it is again. Prof. Means sure has a lot of influence around here.)
Sounds great, but do you mind if we ask you some questions first?
About your confession today... Why'd you do it?
Right... The end justifies the means. So, you're a follower of Prof. Means, too?
(She brushed that one off like a pro.)
Wh-What? Why?
But if the trial went south, you'd have to drop out and give up on being a prosecutor... That's what you're really after, isn't it?
(Talk about someone who literally changes at the bat of an eyelash...)
(Yeah, I suppose so, but that doesn't make what she did right.)
That's right. You made the statues of Mr. Wright and Prosecutor Gavin, didn't you?
(Both Hugh and Robin were still at school after 7:00 PM. But neither of them can prove exactly what they were doing. Could one of them really have murdered Prof. Courte?)
Have there been any problems now that everyone here knows you're a girl?
What? B-But this is evidence we need for the trial. ...Sorry, but no can do!
Oh, darn it...
The snitch? (Sounds like a new lead!)
(While all of this is important stuff, I still want to ask about that thing in the art room. I'll have to present some evidence to show her what I'm talking about, though.)
(In other words, it's weird and all over the place. Come to think of it, that strange-looking painting in the art room... ...was one of Prof. Courte's works, wasn't it.)
Lady Justice?
So... this... is the statue in its proper state?
(I... don't get it... Do you have to be an artist to appreciate stuff like this?)
Oh, right. I didn't realize before because it was in pieces, but before it was smashed... ...maybe it didn't look like Lady Justice, but more like it does in the photo! But what in the world was it doing on the stage?
Umm, it's really pretty to look at. But it's really not my style with all the frills and stuff.
(So when she said Cinderella, she literally meant burn me to cinders?)
You think this is cute?
That last one's only because I put it back together.
(Sorry, but that sounds more like a case of the crazy than a fondness for the cute.)
Why not make the statues again? I'm sure the two of them would be delighted.
Full body molds? Um... are you sure that's safe? How about plain old measurements?
I know I should stop you, but some part of me really wants to see how this plays out.
Robin, I just remembered something I wanted to ask you. This photo shows a piece of art on the table. Do you know what it is?
Prof. Courte's... artistic sense?
Um... sorry, but it's not a present. I wanted to know whether you knew anything about it.
(I wasn't until a moment ago.)
Sure, sounds good to me. Er, so, how do you wanna watch it?
Oh, that sounds like Prof. Means.
Hey! What's the deal here? Why's Junie so large in this shot?
Even though she was already playing a part in the mock trial itself?
Ooh, so this is what the Lecture Hall looks like.
You read that line in the mock mock trial, Apollo, but you made it sound kind of weird.
Wait. Could you go back and play that scene again?
Stop! Did you hear that?!
I think this piece of evidence should explain it. (Time to show Robin a piece of evidence that links the line we just heard to the case.)


Oh, right... What was the connection again?
I do? Really?! (That voice shouting, "You're a goner!" has come up over and over again.)
I'm sure you remember this. It contains a female voice shouting a violent threat. I'll play it for you.
It's just a possibility, but if the voice on this tape is really a recording... ...one made from the mock trial video, then that means this evidence was fabricated.
...He would've tried to deflect attention away from himself by making the suspect female. So basically, the only one with something to gain from doing this is our sole male suspect.
Prosecutor Gavin! At least make some kind of noise so we know you're there!
Very much so! Thanks!
I think Junie will agree that this is something that could prove her innocence. But... (Will her heart really be open to accepting it? She had to have known this was what I'd find!)
...And that about covers the main gist of our investigation.
Junie!
No, wait! You have to listen to me!
Junie, you promised.
We're going to discover the truth behind this murder mystery! And we're going to bring you solid evidence showing just what that truth is! If we succeed in doing that... ...I want you to promise that you'll accept it, Junie, no matter how hard it is to hear.
So please. Please just listen to what I have to say. Once you've heard me out, I'll let you decide what to do.
The voice in this recording has been proven to be yours, Junie. And in the mock trial video, we can hear you reading your line from the script. We're having both of them analyzed now, but from what I can tell, the voices are the same. And the only one who'd benefit from faking the voice recording would be Hugh.
This may sound strange, but his confession is a ploy to make himself look less suspicious. In other words, he was just pretending to protect you. Besides, his confession came after you and Robin had already confessed. If he hadn't confessed right then as well, wouldn't that have seemed a little suspicious?
It did? (But why?!) ......... Junie, can you look me in the eye and repeat what you just said?
Apollo! It's you and your loud voice that's unnerving her.
Junie, you're trying to hide Hugh's connection to this case, aren't you? And I believe that also ties into a secret about yourself.
What? Why?
(He ended their friendship after he found out about Junie's secret, which means... Hugh must've felt betrayed by Junie, making her...)
You're the killer! ...Just kidding.
I had you going there for a moment, didn't I? Thought it might lighten the mood a bit.
Ah... right... (Well, that didn't go as planned...)
You're an accomplice to the crime. You weren't at first, but you got involved to help cover for Hugh.
N-No, wait! That was just a little slip up. (I better not hurt her feelings again. Time for some serious thinking.)
You were Prof. Courte's snitch, weren't you?
And while fulfilling that role, you learned something about Hugh you'd rather forget.
Junie, please. Stop hiding things from me. I hate having to force things out of you like this.
(Looks like we're going to have to do this the hard way. Time to review the evidence and see if I can't prove my hypothesis. I must have something that proves Junie's the snitch, and Hugh's connection to the case.)


W-Wait! I don't think that was the right piece of evidence.
Right here in Prof. Courte's Planner, it says, "Routine Report." I believe this is meant to mean when the snitch would report in to Prof. Courte. I also believe Prof. Courte planned to meet Hugh in private based on the snitch's info. And from their meeting, Hugh must've put two and two together, and figured out your secret. So you see, it all makes sense only if you're the snitch, Junie.
You did? (Now this is surprising...)
Apparently, it's a recording of you reading your script during the mock trial.
Oh, uh, that? That was just... you know...
(It doesn't take my sensitive hearing to detect dripping sarcasm, genius.)
Junie, can you tell us anything about this?
(She went silent. Seems like she doesn't want to talk about it.)
Please, Junie, tell me why you suspected Hugh. I have a feeling that will be the key to getting to the bottom of this whole case.
What exactly was your role as class snitch?
She asked you to be her eyes and ears, didn't she?
(She snitched on her own friend?!)
What were they talking about?
What?! (That's bribery! Hugh was buying his way through school, and if that's the case... ...then that evidence that always seemed out of place might actually be about his secret!)

We found this while we were investigating the stage. It's got Hugh's name on it. I didn't know what the number meant at the time, but now that I'm hearing about bribes...
What's more, take a look at this mark. The same mark is on the pages of Prof. Courte's planner.
It's just a possibility at this point, but it may indeed have been Prof. Courte.
Like I said, it's just a possibility. (But a rather good one. Maybe their private talk had to do with the possibility of the bribery being exposed. And what started out as a little argument soon got out of hand.)
(You've got to be kidding me. There's another reason?)

Junie, I was thinking that this might have something to do with the bribery...
Oh, um, never mind then! (Besides, I know what this evidence is for...)
(Oh, so she's finally ready to talk about that.)
J-Junie, are you all right? Just try to relax and tell me what happened.
(What?! But why?!)
(So she hid the fact that she had seen Hugh and said she went home at six because... ...she wanted to avoid talking about what she saw...)
Junie... It must've been terrible holding all of that in. But it's going to be okay. I'll get to the bottom of this. And that's my promise from one good friend to another. I'll be defending Juniper tomorrow. If that's okay with you, Prof. Means.
I wouldn't have it any other way! (We should be all ready now. What could possibly go wrong this time?! Still... There's this strange, uneasy feeling I can't shake... I'd better be imagining it.)
Nothing of particular interest here.
(Hmm... We've pretty much finished searching around here, but... just one more look.)
Huh?! ...Oh, sleep! Sure, I slept! (For a grand total of zero hours.)
Did you see who it was?
I wonder if he saw our hand.
Okay, all that's left now is to reach out to the truth!
I'm Athena Cykes and I'm fine!!!
The Cykes Brigade is totally psyched... er, I mean, the defense is ready, Your Honor!
(Poor Detective Fulbright. I hope he returns to work with all his body parts intact.)
(It's just like Detective Fulbright said. But what else does he have up his sleeve?)
That's not very clever. I mean, it's the same exact body moving scheme as the script. Anyone could've moved the body that way.
Why you--!
Nrgh... (What's he up to now?)
Ugh! (Never a snappy comeback when I need one!)
Our client is the Student Council President! What's wrong with her taking it upon herself to put the mat away after they'd used it?
Arrrgh! (It sucks being the last to know everything.)
...It's game on, Hugh. Game on. I'm gonna turn your arrogant perfect-score grin into a teary-eyed frown of failure!

Hold it! Hold it! Hold it right there!

Tsk, how rude! A human's breath doesn't travel anywhere near that far!
Argh! I'm just saying that scientific studies have proven that it's not--
(What about my own self-esteem?!)

Our client was simply putting the mat away. It had nothing to do with this case.
Ugh! (If we win this one, I promise to donate another thick mat to the academy.)

Mr. O'Conner, are you positive you were standing exactly where you said?
(Hmm, he's sticking to his guns. The issue here is where Hugh was standing when he says he saw Junie. But nothing I say will mean anything without evidence. Time to dig a little deeper...)


You shouldn't assume anything! It only shows that you're NOT positive!

Tsk! Don't compare me to some stupid farm animal!
Oh, umm... to the storehouse... over in the maintenance area...

Then it's entirely possible someone else moved the body, correct?
I know. Thank you for stating the obvious. (I also know that you, Hugh O'Conner, were one of the participants.)
Well, I don't think he meant for any of that to be misleading, but it doesn't make it factual.
(I'd be surprised if he wasn't. But all I can do is charge forward with both eyes opened!)
So, you saw the back of the stage from the between the stage and the maintenance area? Well, let's take a look at this photo taken by Ms. Scuttlebutt, shall we? This photo shows the students setting up the stage the day before the mock trial. Do you see the big construction screen to the right of the stage in the background here?
Exactly, Your Honor. You cannot see past such screens. That is their purpose. Now, let's see... How exactly is that screen positioned again...? Ah hah! Since it was to the right of the stage, it should be right here. And from this vantage point... ...the witness claims to have seen our client behind the stage backdrop.
That's right. Therefore, the witness couldn't have possibly seen our client from this point!
What?! Are you telling me you, Mr. Genius, forgot something as literally big as that?!
(Why don't you just admit that it was a normal, everyday brain fart already?!)

You are testifying that our client was behind the stage. But need I remind this court, the back of the stage is not visible from the front. To actually see our client behind the stage from the stage side of the screen... ...the witness himself would also have to be in the same area behind the stage! But in that case, our client would have definitely seen Mr. O'Conner!
The truth? What truth?

But then the screen would've blocked his view of--
Something on the other side of the screen... Something high enough to see the stage... No way! This crane right here? But I don't remember seeing a crane there on the day of the mock trial.
What's this about a promise? Is this about whatever Blackquill is using against him?

Actually... there just might be something that proves you did.
If this whole part time job thing is true, I doubt it would be limited to a single day. You were probably working at the same site the previous day, too.
Yep. As the court can see, this photo captured the crane's operator. And if you look carefully, he bears a definite resemblance to Mr. O'Conner.
The defense agrees with the prosecution. Let's bring the facts to light.
(The person in this photo has one really distinguishing feature. I'm not a hundred percent sure, but it's at least worth a try!) We can clearly identify the person in this photo as the witness by examining...
We should check for Mr. O'Conner's fingerprints on and around the crane!
Yes, what DO they have to do with that person?
Aaaaah! (If I could match a feature from the person in this picture to one of Hugh's features... I'd prove that the two are one and the same!)
I have a question for the witness. What is your hobby?
Just as I thought. Mr. O'Conner is obsessed with his own genius. It's no surprise, then, that he has one or two repugnant hobbies like that.
None... None at all, does it?
Yikes! (I'd better think more carefully before people start to think the worst of me...)
The figure in this photo is wearing a very unique object around his neck.
Mr. O'Conner's neck is almost entirely concealed by his tall collar... ...but that's exactly why I believe this warrants further examination!
Yeah! What's the big deal? Now, let's see your neck!
So, where did you buy that neckband, if I might ask?
Well, it sure looks like the neckband in the photo. Should we have the photo analyzed?
Why doesn't it apply? He's a senior, so he's around that age, right?
............Wait. Come again?

But a genius would quickly become a chore for a seven-year-break!
(Only Hugh could get away with using "only" like that.)
Ugh! As long as a mat was used to move the body, Junie's going to be under suspicion...!
Yeah, why was he in the crane? Wait, you don't think...?! Your Honor!
I've got it! I've got an amazing idea that will turn the prosecution's claim on its head! (A little conjecture has never stopped us before!)
Mr. O'Conner, you were using the crane to...
The screen was in your way, so you wanted to move it!
That's easy. The witness changed his mind.
Noooooo! Ugh. ...Another chance at that one, please!
Mr. O'Conner, you were using the crane to commute to school!

Maybe they made a special exception just for you!
...Probably not.
Yiiikes! (But commuting by crane sounds kinda fun!) P-Please, let me give that another try!
The body was just like it was in the script, so it must've been moved like in the script, too. At least, that's what the prosecution believes. ...How simplistic, even foolish.
The witness is a licensed crane operator, so he could have used it to move the body!
(Wait, he's on my side this time? Or is this another trap?)
(Wow, that's a crazy level of dexterity.)
Oh... Please tell me that's a ketchup stain.
S-So, how did you hurt it?
N-Now I'm the fool?!
(Arrrgh! And here I thought this was the big break we've been waiting for!)
You do?
B-But... (Oh, is he telling me to think of another way besides the crane?)

No, not yet! All I have to do is show that the body wasn't moved like it was in the script, right?
Tsk, you don't scare me! (Force a smile, Athena! You can do it!)
(How could anyone lower it without just dropping it? It's not like it could fly... ...Or maybe it could. After all, there IS a way to zip between the art room and the stage! Someone could've easily used that thing!)
(All I have to do is show the tiniest shred of a possibility.) The mat and ball cart weren't used to move the body! This is what was used!


By using this just right, the body could've been moved without the mat!
Yeah, I'd love to hear that, too!
Oh, right! (I know there's something that connects the art room and stage! I just have to show it!)
The key here is the thing that ties the art room and the stage together.
This isn't exactly the time for black comedy, Prosecutor Blackquill... Anyway! The court will recall the wire on which the school banner was hung. That wire was strung between the art room and the stage... ...which allowed students to run or reel in the school banner from the art room. The body could've easily been lowered down to the stage via this wire!

Oh, you surprise me, Prosecutor Blackquill. You didn't actually think I failed to account for that?
When we investigated the stage yesterday... ...the bottom part of the school banner had been tied into a pouch-like shape. And pouches are useful for carrying things. What do think [sic] this one could have carried?!
The body was bundled into the pouch-like section of the banner and sent down the wire. The body would've been down on that stage in a flash! And there'd be no need for a mat!
If you have an actual objection, then just come out and say it!
Oh, um, ha ha. The bloodstained pottery... I remember that.
(If my wire theory is true, then that blood on the pottery must not have been...)
At first we thought it was red glaze, but it turned out to be blood. But what if we go back to the time when it was just red glaze by all accounts?
Whoops...
Maybe it's not the victim's blood. Did the police check to see from whom the blood on the pottery came from?
Ah, don't let it get you down, Prosecutor Blackquill! Everyone makes mistakes.
(True, but in the meantime, I'm going to press my claim as far as I can!)
(Please, please let it be someone else's.)
(Score!)
Don't worry, Junie. Just try to relax.
Your Honor, as we saw earlier, the witness's left hand had suffered a serious injury. He sustained the wound in a struggle with the victim, and his blood got on the pottery. (Then, Junie saw his bloodstained hands as they passed each other in the first floor hall.) It's the only explanation that covers everything!
(Wow, how much dirt does he have on Hugh?)
Ms. Scuttlebutt's...? But didn't the prosecution already claim that... ...this envelope is the one that contained her script?
(Yikes... Myriam wasn't kidding when she said that!)
Ouuuuuuuch! (This guy's the worst genius I've EVER seen!)
Y-Yeah... I've got it! Since the blood by the window overlooking the maintenance area isn't the victim's... ...there's no longer any basis for denying the body was moved using the wire and banner. Therefore, the defense once again asserts just that!
Huh?
(Ugh... So the body would've collided with the statues? Hmm... What if they did collide? Wait, that's it!) Speaking of those statues, we still don't know how they were broken. But if we assume the body crashed into them... ...that would also explain that loud sound we heard while we were in the waiting room.
It was a little after the mock trial had started. Mr. Wright and I were practically bored to tears there in the waiting room, when-- Ah!
(Oof. Which means the body wouldn't have been there before the mock trial started.)
(He said he saw the body before the mock trial. If so... ...then my claim that the body was moved during the mock trial doesn't hold water! Stupid contradiction! It's going to get me and our case killed!)
P-Prosecutor Blackquill... is on our side! I bet he's figured out the truth behind this case!
(If the statues really were broken when the body hit them... ...then Hugh's statement about seeing the body before the mock trial is a big fat lie!) Okay, Mr. O'Conner! Let's get to the bottom of this contradiction about when you saw the body. Look me straight in the eyes and repeat your statement to me!
Or were you just lying about it?! Well, which is it?!
I...!
!
(Yes! We've exposed Hugh's big lie for what it is! But why would he lie about this to begin with?)
Well, first I'd like to thank the prosecutor. This brings us one step closer to the truth. Now, at least we know the body was moved using the wire and school banner.
Right. All three suspects were in the mock trial. That gives them solid alibis.
(Oh, no! How could I forget! It was...!)
Hey! What's the deal here? Why's Junie so large in this shot?
Eee... Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek! Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
(This can't be happening. Instead of exposing Hugh's crime, Junie's in even deeper. No matter how you slice it, we're cooked! And here I thought Prosecutor Blackquill was on our side, at least on this issue.)
Tsk, twisted?! It's more like dirty rotten!
Apollo! What are we going to do?! I've got nothing left! Nothing! Nada! Niente!
(Ugh... Poor Junie. Unless we figure out something, she'll be...) O-Objection... Objection... Umm... well... I object to...!
P-P-P-P...
Wait, this is some serious déjà vu. Didn't we just go through something like this yesterday?
Ah!
(Hugh doesn't seem the least bit shaken by Blackquill's threat.)
No, it's not just you, Your Honor. All I got from listening to that was a headache.
It's not a matter of believing you. It's more along the lines of questioning your sanity.

Widget's not a weird device and I don't waste him on ridiculous testimonies!
Well, this is against my better judgment, but I'd like to conduct a short therapy session.
(How does he get away with stuff like that?)

I don't get it. His confession is overflowing with happiness.
But this goes way beyond normal happiness. He seems to take an insane level of delight in his confession!
(Hugh... Why are you confessing? Who is this really for? I feel like that's the key to his out-of-control emotion!)
Mr. O'Conner, yesterday you said that you didn't really care about Ms. Woods anymore.
What? Why?
(His secret? ...Oh, the bribe.)

Mr. O'Conner, you felt great happiness in the fact that you might help set Ms. Woods free. So much that it overshadowed all of your other emotions.
I can hear it clearly now, Mr. O'Conner -- the discord you've been trying to suppress. People don't normally feel like you do when you confessed.
Yes, I'm sure of it. Hugh's feelings for her are the real deal.
(But that means his confession is...)
Gaaah! (Why couldn't you have taken a longer stroll?)
Let's go with the least worse choice. But first, let me update his testimony.

I know, but I can hear the noise. It means there's a contradictory emotion somewhere.
Right, and that's why I can hear his inner voice loud and clear! If we just think about Hugh and his competitive nature... ...we should be able to figure out the root cause of his discord!
Hmm... "I didn't almost lose," you say? Very odd... You exhibited happiness the entire time, except during this statement.
(No, don't! Stop making stuff up!)
So, you're saying you were there the moment your double was about to lose?
......... (That can't be right. An empty balcony seat on the left side contradicts this piece of evidence!)


You couldn't have got out as you described. And this right here proves it.
Oh, come on. Do I have to explain everything to you, Golden Boy?
Noooooo! (How could I make such a noob mistake?! Was the seat Hugh pointed out really supposed to be empty?)
(I've no idea where this contradiction is going. But I don't have any other moves at this point. Guess I'll just have to follow it and see where this takes me!) You said the left balcony seat was empty. But was it really?
But what about this diagram? According to this, Prof. Means was supposed to be seated in the left balcony seat. But if you left the Lecture Hall during his pre-trial speech... ...he would've been standing there at his seat addressing the students and faculty!
(Hmm, it doesn't seem like he's lying this time.) Okay, Mr. O'Conner! Let's have you testify again, but this time, don't spare any details!
(All I really care about is whether that seat was empty or not.)

Whoa, talk about a change in tone! It reads like a totally different testimony! It's like he realized something terrible the moment he opened his mouth.
Right. I'll focus on places where he hesitates or stammers, then!
I detected powerful sadness and fear right after you said this part. It's as if you'd said something you shouldn't have.
Mr. O'Conner, it's you who is revealing your inner emotions by the way you speak. Plus, I have a good idea about why you're feeling sad.
You said that you went through the "empty audio control room," but that's not true, is it? There was someone who returned from there once Prof. Means finished his speech. And that someone who was in the audio control room was...


Mr. O'Conner, apparently you forgot that this person had been in the audio control room!
Yes, positive! ...Or at least I wish I was.
Eeeeeek! (Darn it! There's only one person who went between the Lecture Hall and audio control room!)
I know you realized there was a problem with your statement as you were saying it. That's why you felt so uneasy. If the audio control room really was empty... ...that would mean Ms. Woods was roaming around the campus.
Mr. O'Conner, if you really want to protect Ms. Woods, just tell the truth. If you believe in her, revealing the truth is the same as protecting her.
(Hugh's heart won't hold out under this battle between truth and lies. Is there something I can do to make him recant his false testimony?)

Could you wait just one moment before you cut him down?
Eek! (I never learned about this in law school!)
Enough already, Mr. O'Conner. Ms. Woods would never want you to protect her this way. She values the friendship between the three of you more then anything!
Sorry, but I already knew.
(So the bribery wasn't Hugh's idea?)
Hugh...
(He wasn't trying to provoke us?)
(At the detention center yesterday, Junie was in tears when she opened up to me. But the truth is, the friendship between the three of them is still rock solid! If there were something that could help me prove that to Hugh...)
(I know! What about that proof of friendship they mentioned?! Hmm... I wonder where or what it is.)
(Maybe it's... No, that's definitely it! That band around his neck!) Mr. O'Conner! That band around your neck! That's your proof of friendship, isn't it?
In court, evidence is everything. That's why the three friends created friendship bands. It's the evidence that proves their friendship.
If they have doubts about their friendship, they can look to the proof they have on hand. That's why Mr. O'Conner's hand always goes to his neck when he is pressured. It proves he still has feeling of friendship towards the other two.

But they feel the same way, too. I know they wear their friendship bands somewhere. (Junie and Robin must both feel the same as Hugh. I just know it! Everything Hugh has said leads me to believe that. In fact, he may have also just told me that the others wear their proof of friendship...)
Oh, I know! They must wear them in places that are difficult to see!
How about around the belly button or on the soles of the feet? That would be hard to see.
Oh, right...
Ugh...
Neither of them are wearing them now.
Wait... No, that's not what I meant. S-Sorry, sorry! Let me try that one again.
All we have to do is think back to their testimonies. Ready? Ms. Newman holds her arm when pressured. And Ms. Woods holds her wrist. I know Ms. Woods very well. She would never abandon her friendship with you over something like this. And taking the blame for her will only succeed in making her terribly sad!
Hugh...
I'm going to save Junie. So yes, you can place your trust in me.
It probably doesn't matter at this point, but I might as well update the Mood Matrix. (...Huh? Does this mean...?)

Please, wait!
What if our client wasn't the only one without an alibi? The trial would continue, right?
Yes, we've found someone. It may have seemed like a major roundabout... ...but Mr. O'Conner's testimony has cracked the case! (There's no more noise. Hugh is telling the truth now. During the mock trial, the balcony seat opposite him really was empty! Which now means there is one person unaccounted for!)
(Besides Junie, the only other person without an alibi during the mock trial is...!)


This person right here is the only other one without an alibi during the mock trial!
Quite shocking, isn't it, Your Honor?
Yiiikes! (This is no time to be making mistakes! Hugh's latest testimony is the truth. If I just base my decision on that...!)
The balcony seat was empty. That much IS true, isn't it, Mr. O'Conner?
So, basically, Prof. Means wasn't where he was supposed to be during the mock trial!

I know. And that's not in dispute here. Now, let me explain how a speech could be given from an empty seat. It was...
The speech was given from a hidden location. It explains why the witness didn't see anyone!

Why does everything have to be about the trial! There's more to life than winning!
Whoops! (Ugh. I need something that actually relates to the situation at hand.)
They ran out of time, so the speech was given later!

But it was given later. They couldn't have heard it before it was given. The only explanation is everyone there only thought they'd heard the speech!
Eeeeeek!
What if the speech was pre-recorded? That's the only way the speech could've been delivered from an empty balcony seat!
What? Really? (Wait a second!) Mr. O'Conner! Did you just say that Prof. Means gave that phony recording to you?!
(Wow, who could've seen this development...?)
The voice shouting, "You're a goner!" as recorded on this tape... ...was dubbed onto it using a line our client said in the mock trial video!
(Prof. Means gave Hugh the phony tape. If that's really true, then Prof. Means has guilt written all over him!) Your Honor! The defense moves to call Prof. Aristotle Means to the stand!

Well, we're not going to overlook this oversight! If the speech was pre-recorded, the basis for suspecting our client would be shattered! Let's check with Prof. Means and see whether the empty seat was a witness oversight. A verdict without first looking into that would be inconceivable!
I agree. Prof. Means should be here in the gallery today.
Don't worry, Professor, we're just interested in the mock trial video right now. We just need to take another look at that speech you gave. Can we count on your cooperation in this?
(Oh, no, I'd forgotten how long and boring his speech was.)
(Hey, no fair!)
Huh? ...Eeek! I'm awake, I'm awake! Isn't that right, Your Honor?!
Eeeeeek! (But you were asleep the whole time!)
...Could I please hear that last part again?

(There! I finally found what we needed!) Prof. Means, I have only one question about your speech. Why does that last part we just heard contradict with this?!


See, look! Could the contradiction be any clearer?! Heh heh heh. Your face betrays your unease...
Your face betrays...
Don't tell me Your Honor has turned stone-faced, too! (The professor said the pure white Lady Justice would be watching over them. Something isn't right. There must be a contradiction between the audio and video!)
The professor said the pure white Lady Justice would be watching over them. But the Lady Justice in the video isn't even close to being white. It's as gold as gold can be!
I didn't say it was MADE of gold, Your Honor! Now, it's true that this statue is pure white... ...but it broke before the mock trial began. The one you see here is its replacement.
Ironically, this golden statue sticks out like a sore thumb compared to the white one. Meaning the professor wouldn't have made a mistake in its color if he'd been present!

The statue was in the middle of the room. How could you not know what it looked like?!
No, wait! (There's got to be something that can prove that the speech was pre-recorded!)
(It was only a little over ten minutes? It felt like it went on forever.) How'd you figure out how long it was?
(The speech goes from 10:00-minute mark to 20:35. Wait a second... I could swear I've seen this same interval of time listed among the evidence... Maybe there's a way for me to use the speech time to show that it was prerecorded.)


The speech was pre-recorded! And my proof is right here! I'm sure of it mentally, physically, psychologically, you name it!
Huh? Oh, well, yes, I'm sure... I think.
Aaaaaaagh! (Let's see... The speech took a total of ten minutes and thirty-five seconds. Hmm... 10:35... Where have I seen that number before?)
I would like the court to take a look at this.
The voiceprint analysis that proves the voice on the tape recorder belongs to our client.
We did, but what I'd like to focus on is the noise that is also there.
Yes. The defense believes it resulted when the tape's previous recording was erased.
The length of the noise is what's important. It's ten minutes and thirty-five seconds in all. And what did the timestamp read at the moment Prof. Means began his speech?
Now, let's fast forward this long-winded exercise in boredom to the end. Okay, stop. The video timestamp now reads 20:35. Based on this, we know the time it took for the speech alone.
Right, ten minutes and thirty-five seconds -- the same as the noise on the tape recording. I assume you all understand what this means. Prof. Means's pre-recorded speech had been where the noise is now!

But is it really just numbers?
The police are analyzing the noise as we speak. It won't be long until we know what was originally there. (Now I'm sure of it. The professor was trying to create an alibi with the recording... ...by pinning the crime on Junie. Well, he's not gonna get away with it! Not on my watch!)
All I've stated are obvious deductions derived from evidence and testimony.
(Uh-oh! This doesn't sound good...)
I don't believe you!
(I am so sick of hearing that phrase!)
(That does it! He's gonna regret dragging those dismal, depressing ideas in here! Since he's already surrendered to the dark age of the law, it's up to me to fight it!)
This... This is a court of law. It's no place for longwinded talks about idealistic principles. That's why I'm going to let the evidence do the talking.
No, go ahead and rectify it! ...Only if I lose and you win, that is!

I doubt our client would've come to you with something like that.
So, our client came to talk to you after Prof. Courte was dead?

Are you suggesting it was our client who told you to fake an alibi?
(Is he kidding me?! That lie couldn't be further from the truth! The problem is, how am I going to expose it?)

Did you consider that a threat?
What?!

Your Honor! The witness's testimony is nothing but an attack on our client's character!

How could you overlook such a threat? As a teacher, it's your duty to discipline students!
...I wouldn't be so sure.
(The more he tries to avoid logical inconsistencies in his testimony... ...the more likely we'll see inconsistencies between his actions and words.)

You were trying to protect our client? (Yeah, right! He'll say anything to pin the blame on Junie!)
(Liar! You're trying to pin the blame on her! How am I going to show that what he's saying isn't what he's really thinking?)
(If he think's I'm going to give in to his pack of lies, he's got another thing coming! I'm gonna find a hole in his story if it's the last thing I do!)

Yeah, but you can't believe a word he says! (He's making this up as he goes along. He'll trip up on his own words yet! Time to see how consistently the professor's testimony matches up with his actual actions.)
So let me get this straight. You were trying to help Ms. Woods? Ha! That's nothing more than a bald-faced lie -- no offense, Your Honor!
Yes, of course, Your Honor. Now, please take a look at this. The witness gave this tape to Mr. O'Conner. Then he slyly whispered, "Take this to the police and tell them you found it."

The tape contained our client's voice. In short, it is incredibly damaging evidence. Why would it even exist if the witness wasn't trying to pin the murder on our client?!
They say the road to hell is paved with good intentions, but not yours! You never had good intentions, only lies to protect yourself with while blaming another. You, professor, are the embodiment of the dark age of the law!
Huh? Um, Prof. Means? What's with your hair?
Ow!
Huh? ...Oh, uh, here?

But Professor, you created the phony tape to pin the blame on Juniper. Plus, you were the only one who could've moved the body during the mock trial.

Prof. Means, can you really prove you had already gone home by that time?!
......... No... No, I can't.
Eeeeeeeeeeuw! (I do enough of that at the office!)
R-Robin?!
The statues onstage? (Do I want to know where this is headed?)
In other words, the professor was there on the stage after the last bell?
(Robin...)
(Oh, right. The professor was there when that matter came up.) ...Before I address the professor's charges, I have a question for Robin. How hard would it be to complete a statue like that in one and a half hours?
(Gah! That didn't exactly help our case! But he won't get off that easy. He's bound to stumble over his own slippery means!)

Ms. Newman took over half a day? Can you please be a little more precise than that?

Most of the other statue? What exactly does that mean?
I see. In academics, as well as art, learning the basics is incredibly important. In short, you skipped the most important of part of statue making, didn't you?!
Oh, quiet you...
No! No, I don't! I know there's more to this, and I won't stop until the truth comes out!

M-Maybe our client thought she saw the statues.
(Yeah, that's true. Just thought I'd give it a shot.)
(Tsk... Is there no way to get to this guy?!)

Why were you in such a hurry?
Grr!
No! No, I don't! I know there's more to this, and I won't stop until the truth comes out!
B-But...! Argh!

Yeah, but you could've taken a short break or something.
Grrrrrrr! (But the art room is only a few steps away!)
That's all I can think of, too. We'll just have to seek out a hole to exploit!
(I've tried everything, but I still can't prove anything!) Tsk! I guess I... I concede...
Ugh... I concede that Prof. Means never left the stage.
(I'm not gonna give up here!)

Not yet! The defense... still has an objection!
...Well, as I said, not yet!
(Not yet, Athena. It's not yet time to quit! It's at times like these, when it seems like there's no way out, that you have to... Yeah! I have to turn the case upside down! Instead of focusing on whether Prof. Means could've gone to the art room... I should focus on how he could commit murder without going there!)
(If I accept the premise that the professor was on the stage the entire time... ...the only other answer is that we got something else wrong... Wait... That's it! Every last one of us made a huge mistake! We were totally wrong about the...)
We got something seriously wrong. In short, we should've never suspected Prof. Means. He isn't the killer.
Nooooooooo!
What if we got the murder weapon wrong?
Huh? Oh, uh... um...
But I know we got something wrong! So I guess I'll have the penalty...
If Prof. Means was on the stage the entire time... ...then he must be the killer!

No. It's just, the murder wasn't committed where we thought it was.
Okay. The murder was actually committed here!


The murder was committed here!
Of course. But we'll all have to think this over together!
Aaaaaagh! S-So the location we're looking for didn't require the professor or the body to move...
The greatest riddle of this case has been how the body was moved from the art room. But if the murder occurred on the stage, that means the body was never moved at all.
(There wasn't any blood on the stage? Really? But there WAS something at the stage at the time of the murder that's now bloodstained.)


Prof. Means, maybe this piece of evidence will get rid of that glib attitude of yours.
Heh heh heh. What's wrong? Cat got your tongue.
Noooooo!
It's true, there were no bloodstains on the stage floor. But there WAS something on the stage that did have a bloodstain. And that would be this: this school banner. No blood would've gotten on the floor if this were under the victim when she was killed!
What is it noooooooow?! (My theory makes perfect sense!)

Actually, the defense has something to explain that, as well.
(If there was only a trace amount of blood on the school banner... ...then there must've been something else the killer used to soak up the blood. All I have to do is figure out what!) This is what soaked up most of the victim's blood!


We should focus on this right here!
Right here. Can't you see it? It looks kind of like a smudge or something.
Eeeeek! (But a smudge is a smudge, right...? There must've been tons of blood, but there was only a little bit on the school banner. The only other thing that could've soaked up all that blood besides the school banner is...)
It's the Gavinners banner that had been specially made for the school concert. Since it's on top of the school banner, the blood would have hit it first. It could have easily absorbed most of the blood, like a dishcloth... ...and only a small amount would've soaked through to the school banner below. So, it makes total sense for the school banner to only have a little blood on it!

The bloodstain in the art room was faked. How? I'll tell you how. All that was needed was something that could transport the blood upstairs. And that something was... a piece of evidence we've just finished discussing! The killer used this to bring the victim's blood up to the art room!


The killer could've used this to transport the victim's blood!
Your Honor. Nothing is impossible, if you put your mind to it. Besides, all you need is...
Well, it was worth a try.
Eeeeeeek! (Ugh... I guess it really wasn't.)
It's only garbage because someone tried to destroy it by tossing it in the incinerator. That someone was most likely the killer seeking to get rid of crucial evidence. The killer used the wire to bring the blood-soaked Gavinners's banner to the art room. Then, the blood was wiped onto the floor to complete the ruse! It makes perfect sense!
Ugh... I hadn't thought of that. If that loud crash wasn't the body hitting the statues... ...then what was it indeed? (The knot in the school banner shows that something was carried along the wire in it. So if that's true, I know what I have to find! Something that was in the art room before the murder and on the stage after! The object that was sent down the wire to crash into the statues was...)


How about this piece of evidence?
Nooooooooo! (Can I request a retake?)
Yes, I believe it was this statue that broke the other two, not Prof. Courte's body. The unique statue you see on the right, that's the pure white Lady Justice from earlier. Prof. Courte accidently [sic] broke it while she was polishing it the day before the mock trial. But she used her own unique artistic sense and technique to repair it as you see here. Nobody would have guessed that it was originally Lady Justice.
You know why. But the fact that you won't acknowledge it, shows how twisted you are. Lady Justice was moved during the mock trial. During that time, Prof. Means was fabricating an alibi with his pre-recorded speech. If we consider the facts, then Lady Justice was moved in order to...
Prof. Means was trying to hide the body! That's the only explanation!
Th-There's always two sides to a story, and the truth is not always what it seems.
Eeeeeek! (Ugh. Think, Athena think. Why was Lady Justice moved? Try to remember everything that happened.)
Prof. Means was trying to interrupt the mock trial. That must be the answer!
I object, Your Honor! I object to how you always ask people questions like that! You should try thinking for yourself once in a while!
Aaaaaagh! (Ugh... The issue here is the moving of the Lady Justice statue. I need to focus on that.)
Prof. Means used his pre-recorded speech to fake an alibi during the mock trial. He wanted to make it look like he couldn't possibly have moved the body. Moving Lady Justice was his way of pointing us to the body and cementing his alibi.
Fine, then. Say it already. I'm waiting...
...That can be explained by, uh... Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
I know... (But we've come so far...)
Arrrgh... J-J-Just wait a minute...!
Ugh!
Aaaaaagh!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!
Well, I'll just have to make sure that doesn't happen, then, won't I!
(Don't tell me I've failed once again -- failed to save someone near and dear to me... I've worked so hard to become a lawyer, and even studied psychology. Has it all been for naught? Am I just doomed to relive that all over again?!) Unnghh...! A... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Breathe in... Breathe out... Breathe in... (Relax, Athena, breathe...!)
J-Junie...
Thank you, Junie. But I feel like I can barely breathe. I don't know what to do.
Prosecutor Blackquill?
I... I...!
B-But, Apollo, what am I supposed to do now?
.........
Athena Cykes is psyched and ready to rock. Prepare for your utter defeat!
Prof. Courte wasn't killed in the art room. She was killed right where her body was found. We know because there wasn't any time to move the body there from somewhere else. That means the body had to have been hidden somewhere onstage until it was found. Let's think along these lines and see where it takes us. First up... When did Prof. Means remove the body from its hiding place? Well, let's see. What was he doing right before the body was discovered? He was using the span of time his fake
Before the mock trial? No, that can't be it. Hugh testified that he'd seen the body before the mock trial... ...but it turned out he was lying to protect Junie. The appearance of the body has to coincide with the time covered by the professor's alibi.
After the mock trial? No, that can't be right. We saw the body before the mock trial even ended. The when and why Prof. Means fabricated his alibi is key here.
It was during the mock trial, specifically...
No, Junie was in charge of the audio, so she would've left the Lecture Hall many times. There's no way to know which of those times to focus on. There's got to be some other way to pinpoint the timing of the professor's actions.
Prof. Means moved the body to an easily seen location during his long, pre-recorded speech. The professor also moved something to the stage that wasn't there before, specifically...
Wait, we already have a body. Why would there be another one? After all, there was only one victim -- Prof. Courte. And she was already sprawled out on the stage. In that case...
The gold Lady Justice! ...Wait, that one was in the Lecture Hall. It has nothing to do with the stage. I'd better rethink this. It was during his speech that the professor moved the body to where it could be found.
During the mock trial, Prof. Means wrapped the white Lady Justice in the school banner... ...and sent it zipping down to the stage with a crash, killing two birds with one stone! He drew attention to the body and made it look like the murder occurred in the art room! But was there anywhere to hide a body on that stage? It doesn't seem likely... ...No, there had to be someplace! .........! Wait a second! How about something that should've been finished but was only mostly done? Something was
If the body had been wrapped in the school banner... No, that wouldn't work. Someone would've easily noticed something like that. It had to be something where you couldn't tell there was a body inside.
Inside the Prosecutor Gavin statue...? No, that wouldn't work. Robin made the Gavin statue herself, from start to finish. And there wouldn't have been enough space to hide a body in there anyway.
Oh, I know! The Mr. Wright statue was never actually finished! The body was wrapped under some cloth to hide what was really inside... ...cleverly disguising it as the boss's statue!
Ms. Newman gave up on the Wright statue, yet Prof. Means finished it in a single night.

No, his so-called work of art deserves none of our praise. That's because it was only a façade to hide his real work -- the murder of Prof. Courte!
He hid the body by making it look like the statue of Mr. Wright. With the body wrapped under a piece of cloth, it looked just like a statue!

We'll never know until we try!
Okay, Apollo! Time to turn me into a reasonable likeness of Mr. Wright! I'm going to pose like the statue, like so... And now I want you to wrap me up in a cloth so that I look like a statue!
Well, what do you think, everyone?! Do I look just like a statue of Mr. Wright or what?!
Forget the hair. The statue's head is way bigger than your average person's anyway! (You gotta hand it to me for trying, anyway. ...Wait, that's it! The hands!)
Umm... Her arms are raised over her head and there are dark bruises around her wrists.
(The marks on her wristed [sic] indicated she'd been tied up!) Apollo, tie me up in a new pose! ...Wait, you're not into this kind of thing, are you?
Prof. Courte's wrists were tied together, and I can't help but think that's related! (How should I arrange myself to match the shape I want, given her hands were tied?)
Tie both of my hands in an "Objection!" pose!
Ooh, I know! The boss is right there! Go pull some out and you can glue it on!
Tsk, don't be such a wimp!
It's all Apollo's fault! (Guess I'd better think of something else.)
How about trying my hands behind my back?
I don't have this massively long hair for nothing! Just use some superglue to bond it into place!
Huh? ...Oh! When you're right, you're right!
Nothing? Y-You mean...... (Umm... If the body stayed in the same pose until it was discovered... ...then I really just need to think how it could look like the boss's hair.)
Apollo, tie both of my hands behind my head!
See! This makes it possible to fake the spikes on the back of Mr. Wright's head!
(Yeah, it would be awfully hard to make the objection pose like this...)
(What did the victim's body have that I don't?)


I know what I'm missing! ...This!
Ouch! (Way to kick a girl when she's tied up!)
Double ouch! (Now that's really piling it on! Oh, well, let's think that over again. How did the body look when we found it?)
Oh, right! There was an arrow sticking out of her side! Okay, Apollo, take that and plunge it into my side!
Fine, then go get some duct tape! Rapido, schnell!
The fatal arrow to the side! Spiky hair created from two hands! A masterpiece in the making! Now, cover me with that cloth! But remember to make the arrow stand out, okay?!
B-B-But! (What else could you use for the arm?)
Yikes! I guess I'd better get it right this time! (Think, Athena, think! Prof. Courte was murdered when she stopped by the stage to see Prof. Means. If it wasn't premeditated, he must've used something close at hand in his little ruse.) ...Apollo. Show me those stage set up photos again.
(Please, please, please... Please be in this photo! It just has to be!) The arm on the Mr. Wright statue is really this right here!


Look at this! This makes an even better arm than Mr. Wright's own appendage!
Ugh! ...Um, never mind. I retract my previous statement.
Sacré bleu! (Something longer than an arrow that pierced her body... It must be here somewhere.) Arrrgh! What could it be?!
Got it! I know what he used for the arm on the statue of Mr. Wright!
Heh heh heh. Don't play dumb with me, Professor. It's the staff you have right there!
Whatever, just hurry up and lend it to me! The length is perfect! Mr. Wright couldn't possibly object to such an awesome arm! Okay, go for it, Apollo!

.........
Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! Well?! Am I not the spitting image of the legendary Phoenix Wright?! The man who will bring us out of these dark ages and into an era of brilliant golden light!
Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! That's just because Mr. Wright likes his statue! He's positively tickled pink! Get it, Apollo? He's tickled pink!

Not so fast there, buster! Unfortunately for you, I can prove my theory to be more than mere coincidence! (To prove that his spear was thrust into the victim, all I have to do is...)
Let's examine the spear for prints! That'll settle this whole mess!
Prof. Mea--
Okay, then, the vic--
...Your Honor. A penalty, please.
It still hurts, you know!
That spear might actually be a staff!
What's that supposed to mean?!
Eeeek!
We had assumed the victim's jagged wound came from the arrow being forcibly shoved in. But if the wound was from this spear instead... ...then we should be able to detect traces of the victim's blood on it!

Hmph. Surely you don't expect us to take lectures from you now? Now, I ask you in the gallery! Help me decide the professor's fate!
Can I ask what the professor's motive was?
(One of Blackquill's fellow inmates was once a surgeon. Why not a former dentist, too?)
But that scrap of paper with Hugh's name had the same mark as Prof. Courte's planner--
Really?! So, then...
(That's the last thing I expect to hear from him today...)
Ha ha ha ha ha! It was nothing, really! I can take the biggest tangled mess of a case and unravel it just like that!
You look pretty hungry for a knuckle sandwich, buster!
N-No no, it's okay... I think. So, what's the big news?
Really?! All right!
Wow, that what [sic] SO much fun! School festivals are amazing!!!
(Mock trial loss? What loss? Wait. Did they reprise the trial and Hugh won?!)
"Level-headed lawyer course genius and hot-blooded prosecutor course student... ...will go head to head in a mock trial battle for the she-devil's black heart!"
(So... does this mean it's really gonna happen?)
Huh? Best friends...? Hugh, weren't you going to profess your love for Juniper if you won the mock trial?
Whoops!
(Myriam's got this tactical espionage action stuff down to a science...)
You bet! And what about your BFF, Apollo?
Hey! No talking about me behind my back! ...So, what kind of guy is he, anyway?
And so, after some slight arm-twisting, Apollo promised to bring me to meet his friend. Unfortunately, that promise was never meant to be fulfilled. For not long after, their friendship was mercilessly severed by Fate... ...and the bonds between us began to fray and unravel as well.
Even now, those words continue to ring in my ears. The discord in our ever-cheerful Apollo's voice made him sound so cold... and distant. Why, Apollo? Why? Why would you leave us all behind?

That statement contradicts the evidence!
J-Just look at it! It's one huge contradiction!
Eeeeeek! (Crash and burn!)

Your Honor, Members of the Court, please look at this. That's right. There's no need to explain anything. This piece of evidence says it all.
Aaaaahhh! (I guess that won't fly.)

This piece of evidence clearly reveals the inconsistency in the witness's testimony!
Ugh! (And I really tried hard that time, too.) Your Honor, can I at least get credit for trying?
Noooooo!
...If you insist. (Actually, I could really use the help.)
Th-Thanks, Apollo!
N-No, I'm totally fine! (Actually, I'm not anywhere near fine.)
Oh, so it's like grabbing a bull by the horns and wrestling it to the ground!
Th-Thanks, Apollo! (Okay, let's give it a try!)

Mr. O'Conner, this is what you're happy about!
Oh, uh... Guess I got that one wrong.

Mr. O'Conner, this emotion is inconsistent with your testimony!
(Ugh. I should've brought my dictionary to court.) Wait! Let me try that one again!
