Apollo! I'm sorry I'm late!
Junie! I didn't know you were coming today. Did you come to cheer Apollo on? Oh, I get it. You sly little thing, you! Ha ha ha!
Oh, Apollo, Apollo... When will you ever figure it out?
Clay Terran... I can't believe he was murdered. I mean, he was such a promising astronaut under your command...
Don't count yourself out yet!
............And what about you, Apollo?
I was just thinking, wasn't Clay your best friend?
Apollo...
O-Okay! Here we go!
I'm sorry, Your Honor. He's been like this since yesterday. He keeps insisting it's just a sty.
Well, it didn't take him long this time.
............
...Does he even HAVE fifty years left?
The trial's just started and we're already in a bind.
An emergency shelter, huh? Oh, here it is! It's at the bottom of the diagram. The Space Center's pretty impressive to have its own shelter!
Hmm... It's like he's trying to give us as little information as possible.
Well, don't let that hold you back. Keep pressing until we get what we need!
Um, Apollo...? How exactly did they determine that Clay was... already gone in that footage?

Your Honor! The defense requests a little time to think and regroup.
It's just... There's something that's been bothering me.
Yes!
F-FIVE SECONDS?!
Ack! L-Look! I don't think the prosecution's explanation is very complete.
Meaning there's something missing -- like they conveniently left it unexplained...

What are you talking about? There was no third explosion!
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!
It's like Blackquill's controlling the entire game.
Why do you say that?
Then, making you cross-examine Mr. Starbuck at this point was part of his plan, too...? Totally underhanded, but I wouldn't expect anything less from him.
Wow... That was super-negative... Is he going to be all right up there?
Who'd wear a suit like that EXCEPT an astronaut...
Like how it rubbed off on Prosecutor Blackquill a second ago?
That makes sense. So he was just using the route he always used.
...Huh?
Apollo, you have to reassure him better than that!
Try to imagine how he's feeling, and use that to figure out how to boost his confidence.
Apollo, there's something strange about Mr. Starbuck's testimony.
Well, it doesn't look like he's lying, at least...
I feel like we all just got a real glimpse of Solomon Starbuck the astronaut.
Apollo, is he going to be all right?
So Mr. Starbuck escaped with Clay and the capsule, which means... ...it's just like in the footage. I can see why he couldn't run, though.
Yeah, and he had to support Clay, who was another 200 pounds. Plus, he had to ensure the safety of that capsule. I don't think I could've even walked under those circumstances.
Well, that's one way to take off while being questioned...
Well, this certainly explains why his testimony kept changing.
I guess he didn't want anybody to find out he was terrified of going into space.
Hey, this report is pretty detailed.
Three!
Apollo! You did it! You broke Prosecutor Blackquill's grip over Mr. Starbuck!
That's right! There's nothing contradictory about the oxygen level decreasing!
Let's see. The two people were Detective Candice Arme and Yuri Cosmos, right? You think that one of them might have given a false statement to the police?
PL-
Oh, no! Everybody's panicking!
C'mon, Apollo! Let's get out of here!
Apollo, this is no time to be dramatic! If we don't get out of here now, we're gonna die! C'MON! THIS WAY!
Apollo! No! Not that way!
Hmm... I can't flag any inconsistencies.
Time to press the witness!
Hmm... There has to be a contradiction here somewhere.
There was a statement that I thought was a little strange, but... ...I wouldn't bet my life on it.
Hee hee hee. Okay, if you must know, I'll show you the one I'm thinking of.
Apollo is a tough guy, but this is all taking its toll on him.
*sniffle* Mnnnph... All right, enough of this, people! This is no time to be moping around! Now, dry those eyes! Both of you!
Technicalities! Look, we have work to do! We have to take over!
Apollo's Space Center case, of course! As no verdict's been reached, there's still a chance!
Good! Now that that's settled, let's get going! C'mon, we gotta run!
Don't mind me! Just forgot a few things! ...Wallet, phone, the documents, my bag...
That's right! He's a super-famous astronaut who works at the Cosmos Space Center! He was actually up in outer space seven years ago!
Don't worry about a thing, Mr. Starbuck! Mr. Wright and I have got you covered!
Huh? Y-You mean... other than at your trial? I don't think so...
Cheer up, Mr. Starbuck! Besides, that thing you said about entering the stratosphere... That just means we'd shine like shooting stars, right?
Still, it's strange you don't remember a thing. Are you sure you didn't take one of those anti-anxiety pills like they said at the trial?
But the tranquilizers were found in your system.
Maybe the real culprit also planted the detonator switch in your pocker.
No wonder they dubbed it the HAT-1 Miracle... It's a miracle you made it back!
With the experience you had, weren't you dreading this mission?
But you have to admit it was pretty harrowing. Weren't you even a tiny bit afraid?
Clay must've been very encouraging, huh?
"You're fine!"...? Apollo says "I'm fine!" and "You're fine!" all of the time, too! And I always feel encouraged, too, whenever I hear him shout it!
Speaking of Clay... ...how do you suppose he climbed down the ladder with you over his shoulder?
Now he's got you sighing, Boss...
............You're fine! Solomon "Sol" Starbuck is fine! Everything is going to be all right!
And Athena Cykes is fine! C'mon, Mr. Wright! You, too!
I can't heeeeeeear youuuuuuu!
We'll get you back into space yet, Mr. Starbuck! Believe in your own innocence, and have faith in us!
Okay, Mr. Wright! Let's get our investigation of the Space Center started! Pronto!
Yeah! Did you know they even let the public see their rockets up close? Oh! So, check it out! Look at how brightly the GYAXA logo shines in the sunlight above the entranceway! I really dig the stars and rocket motif it's got going!
Yeah, but why the strange acronym? I mean, what is GYA supposed to stand for? Galaxy?
Hmm... I guess so... Oh, I know! Maybe the person who came up with the name just really likes the letter Y!
Anyway, this place is more than just a research facility; it's also a tourist attraction!
Yikes! Who's this geezer and what's he want...?
Boss... That was pretty groan-inducing...
Aha! So you were one of the first to discover Clay's body, weren't you?
Oh, and we're Earth lawyers, by the way.
I can already tell he's going to be nothing but trouble.
Oh, I get it! You just wander around and tell people what to do in a self-important manner!
Mr. Wright, this man doesn't get sarcasm.
What? So does that mean you'll be taking the stand tomorrow?
Looks like Director Cosmos is the type that only talks about what he wants to talk about.
That struggle was when the incident known as the HAT-1 Miracle occurred, right?
I hear there's lots of research into moon rocks and star dust from asteroids these days. They say the results could potentially have a huge impact on all of civilization! It's like we're in a new space race with every other country out there.
Huh? Oh, w-well, you know... I thought I'd better brush up... for the case!
You bet! Let's make it so!
Athena Cykes is fine!
I thought I'd better get fired up twice as much, to make up for Apollo being gone! For starters, I thought I'd imitate him.
Yup! You have to push your voice up from the pit of your stomach! Hold it! There's a contradiciton in the witness's statement!
Objection! You are lying! The true culprit is... the judge!
Oh. I didn't think of that.
Oh, that's right!
I just remembered I forgot to go running today. I was so taken up with what happened to Apollo, it slipped my mind!
My badge is starting to look pretty good on me, don't you think?
I'm starting to feel like it gives me more dignity and presence, too!
All right. Let's see. I'm getting the sense... ...that you are perplexed by this piece of evidence!
You see? Even the simple act of presenting evidence reveals your underlying emotions.
Yeah, this is the lounge. Let's see that diagram the police made again. Right now we're in the main building here on the right side, on the third floor. Clay and Mr. Starbuck fled here from Launch Pad 1 after the explosion.
We're Mr. Starbuck's lawyers. We've come to investigate...
Leave it to me! I'm great at getting intel out of Detective Fulbright! Let's see. What trick should I use on him today?
So... to get to the Launch Pad 1 Corridor... ...we just have to go through that door with the blue rocket on it, I think.
Good eye there, Boss. This is the door Clay and Mr. Starbuck used during their escape from the launch pad.
The fingerprint system has been deactivated, so I think we can just pass through. Now, come on! Let's go!
Yup. This is the only thing connecting Launch Pad 1 with the main building.
After the explosion, this whole corridor must've been filled with smoke.
...Now, where could Detective Fulbright be...? Hey, I think that's him over there!
He seems to be lost... That's funny. This corridor is a straight shot.
Boss, if he acts at all reluctant to give us information... ...we hit him with the "Whatever shall we do?" act! I'm sure he'll fall for it! Got it?!
Huh? What just happened?
I dunno... There's something weird about Detective Fulbright today...
If you say so...
There's an office on guard, and we can't get in. Oh, whatever shall we do?
Detective Fulbright is acting sickeningly sweet. It's kinda gross, actually. Do you think he hit his head or something?
The police are required to secure rocket launches now! I didn't know that.
So where were you when the first bomb went off?
Then wasn't it impossible to get down to the basement shelter?
Wow, what an ordeal...! But climbing down an emergency ladder kinda sounds fun!
Wow, and Prosecutor Blackquill usually has you on a short leash, too...
So... she was looking into the crime scene from the outside?
You don't? But that's the most important thing of all...
Gee, you sure are being cooperative, Detective. A little TOO cooperative, even...
Something is definitely going on. I'm going to get it out of him the next time I see him.
Oh, uh, that's all right. But thank you for the offer.
Well, let's stop the recap and start looking for traces of this third person then!
Don't worry, we can use this to help us!
Yup! Picked it up at the entrance. The maps inside should come in handy! Let's see... Yup. Here it is. A map of the lounge. This is the door we went through to talk to Detective Fulbright.
Yeah! No more excuses! Let's track down the third person!
Oh, Boss... It's just a holographic image.
There should be a button somewhere in this room to turn the image on and off. That's what it says in the pamphlet, anyway.
And what's wrong with that? Let's just look for the button while we're looking for clues.
A window. And it's right next to the holographic image, too. I bet it's here to help people see the stark contrast between reality and virtual reality.
See? It's pointing out the virtual insanity of reality!
Well, let's check... Drum roll, please! Ta-da! The Space Center pamphlet. We're here, at this place that says "Boarding Lounge 1." Here are the three doors. Hmm, let's call them "Lefty," "Righty," and "Downy."
Details, details. Anyway, take a look at the west door. That door with the rocket icon leads to Launch Pad 1! I know because it says here on the map "Launch Pad 1 Corridor."
Right. Next up! The right-hand side of the map, or "east," in your world. That's the door with the satellite dish icon to signify communication, aka, the control room!
They communicate and exchange information with rockets and probes in space from there. So, it's the "center" of the Space Center... The "Space Center Center," if you will.
But, it seems that they builty a new Command Center on the sixth floor. That's what they used for the HAT-2 mission, so this Control Room was empty at the time.
I'd love to do that too, but it doesn't look like we'll be able to. They want to keep curious kids like you out... ...so the door is protected with fingerprint recognition. Only the director can go through.
So apparently, the lock is also hooked up to a backup generator in case of emergencies.
This lower door... Oh, excuse me. I mean, "South door"? It leads to the elevators!
Yup. And, of course, there was no fingerprint recognition device, so it's open to anyone.
Well, that's about it for the Three Muskedoors of the boarding lounge!
Yeah. He was already dead when they found him. Let's take a look at the photo.
That's the thing that Prosecutor Blackquill mentioned when I was in court with Apollo. He said that it contains asteroid samples.
I wonder what they look like... Do you think they'll let us see?!
Didn't the Hope probe go to some planet? Maybe this is what its surface looked like.
It did make quite a bit of news, though, when the probe came back.
According to the pamphlet, those are no ordinary chairs. They're like amusement park tea cup rides. You can power them yourself, it says. If you spin the table, your chair spins, too.
It's for astronauts who have trouble with the device on the ceiling. No vertical spins... It says it's a training device that's easy on the eyes and on the body.
Oh, let's commemorate this occasion with a... Love and Peace!
Yeah, okay... But just one more for the road! Peeeaaace!
I wonder if they can change your voice? Testing, testing, one, two, three... Huh? It didn't do a thing.
Oh, a mirror! How thoughtful of them to put one here.
So the ladies can fix their makeup! One's appearance is just as important in space as it is on Earth, you know! You never know when you're going to run into some other life form, after all!
"Just push it!" That's the invariable principle of buttons!
Hey! The giant holographic image disappeared!
Hey, Mr. Wright! Take a look at this!
It's pretty big. Whoever fired this shot must have been using a pretty large gun.
Well, whatever size it was, somebody fired a gun in here, right?
No. The police might've taken it, though.
Let's ask Detective Fulbright about this bullet hole later!
Let's see. This door is... Where's that pamphlet...? Here we are. It's the door to the corridor that leads to Launch Pad 1. We went through it earlier when we went to talk to Detective Fulbright.
Which reminds me! I think Prosecutor Blackquill talked about it at the trial.
Voilà! Fingerprint powder! I brought it just in case something like this came up. I found it at the office. I've been just itching for a chance to use it!
You got it! Now to sprinkle some here, and a little over there, aaaaand... fwwwwph! Let's see what we have here......... Oh! We got something! ...Aww, it's only a single set of prints.
Well, I'm willing to bet that Detective Fulbright has some fingerprint data.
Yes, here it is. It came up in court the other day.
Oh, because that would be right before the murder, wouldn't it? Let's ask the detective. With the mood he's in, he'll probably show it to us right away!
Why guess when you can try! Now, to line my hand up with the outline...!
Waaah! How can you be so cruel to a little girl like me?! *sniffle* *sob*
I wonder what this big knob is for. It looks like the knob on a stove.
Well, the knob is straight up and down. So if it was for a stove, the burner would be off.
Something turned on by a knob that's NOT a stove?! Hmm... How about a rocket engine?
Then I guess all we can say for now is that it's a mystery knob!
Oh, boy! I wanna try it! Gravity is weak on the moon, so I bet I could do midair somersaults!
Well, at least I could jump really high!
Then what good is this thing?!
It's a trash chute. The cleaning robots throws [sic] the garbage out from here.
No way. All the robots here are very nice. Actually, wasn't there one in the Launch Pad 1 corridor? We can go say "hi" to it if you want.
Hey! I see something shiny down there!
What's this? It looks like a metal jelly bean.
"Caliber" refers to the diameter of a gun's barrel, right?
I bet if you tried firing a bullet this small with a regular-sized gun... ...it would just fall right out.
I wonder how the bullet ended up here? I mean, we're in the bottom left, on the South door side of the room, according to this map. That's pretty far from where Clay's body was. Maybe the police didn't think to look here.
I still can't believe we spotted that bullet here. And it's so tiny, too!
What are you talking about?! I'm the one who found it! Not you!
Hey, Mr. Wright! Look at that up there!
That color looks familiar... I think it's part of an oxygen tank!
So Prosecutor Blackquill's theory that Mr. Starbuck dropped Clay down the ladder... ...must be wrong! This proves that both of the astronauts were alive when they reached they boarding lounge!
Hee hee! Way to go, Apollo!
Huh? That?
O-Oh, I dunno! Ha ha ha ha ha! H-Hey, did you catch the game on TV last weekend?!
Oh, Ponco! I've missed you!
Oh, uh... She, uh... showed us around the last time, when I came here with Apollo. Oh, you're such a good girl, Ponco! That's a good girl!
Oh, she has to register people she meets for the first time. Please register him, Ponco.
His name is "Phoenix."
You made a friend, Boss! Isn't it great?
Oh, goody! Let's go, Boss!
The Space Museum... Oh, here it is on the map.
Ah! And that's... That's...
Oh! N-Nothing... I... just thought Mr. Starbuck looked really young, too, that's all.
...Is Clay Terran... The victim.
I want to know! I want to know! Phoenix wants to know, too!
I'm guessing the whole thing is operated from the Control Room, huh.
I would love to see the launch pad being moved! When's the next one scheduled for?
Well, when was the last time it was moved?
Don't worry, Ponco. The people in charge already know what happened.
The Space Center staff must've been really excited to finally get the capsule back. But it's a pity this incident occurred before they got a chance to check the contents.
I can't believe you still don't remember -- you say, "It's back!" not "Welcome home!"
Huh? Oh, uh... when I came here with Apollo... I heard a member of the staff teach her...!
How could Director Cosmos teach such a pure and innocent little robot to lie for him?
Thank you, Ponco. You explained everything very well.
Hee hee! It's because Ponco is so friendly!
Let's go find Detective Fulbright! We have things to ask him about.
Bye, Ponco! See you later!
There's Detective Fulbright! He still seems to be lost, even though it's a straight corridor.
If he doesn't cooperate, then I'll just have to use my powers on him.
But I thought there were two people who discovered the crime scene together?!
Detective, we'd like to run a comparison on some prints we found in the boarding lounge.
Whoa, he got Apollo and my prints... He even got prints for all of the robots...
Ah! Clay's fingerprints are here, too!
I still can't believe you took off his glove to get his fingerprints...
Hey, don't forget about the print comparison, Boss!
His heart must've been full of hopes and dreams for his space adventure right then...
But it seems like something's really been bothering you. You don't have some ulterior motive, do you?
Detective Fulbright sure is in an oddly eager mood today. Still, something seems to be bothering him...
You seem very torn. It has something to do with the case, doesn't it? Oh, whatever shall we do? The detective has a secret, but he won't tell us!
Huh. That didn't work. Usually he'd be telling us anything we wanted to know by now.
But why?! What were they planning to do if someone got hurt or killed?!
The reason he's still prosecuting? Detective Fulbright? Please tell us everything you know!
Never mind that! What are rules but things to be broken, right?!
So you weren't told why, either, huh?
Seven years past...?
Um, this might sound crazy, but... Prosecutor Blackquill can't possibly believe Mr. Starbuck is this phantom person, right? I mean, he was acting kinda strange during the last trial and all...
You really care and want what's best for Prosecutor Blackquill, don't you, Detective?
R-Really?! Then let's go find her, Mr. Wright!
...There he goes.
Let's go see that witness now!
Hello! Come over here!
I dunno why, but this robot is kind of freaking me out...
............
...How can you say such things? Feeling emotions, worrying about the things we care about... That's what makes us human!
Can I punch her, Boss?!
You can't be serious............
! Oh, th-this...?
............
Grrr! I just can't believe she said all those things!
You mean that whole "dark age of the law" nonsense? I'm so sick of hearing about that!
Yeah... You're right, Boss! I agree!
Good idea! We should tell him about the bullet and Ms. Blackquill's statement!
Hmm...
Hmm...
Hmmmmm...
Hmmm... Hmmmmm...
Detective Fulbright's strong sense of justice really surprised me.
Ha ha ha. I bet it annoys the dickens out of Prosecutor Blackquill, though.
I guess I should be careful to really mean it when I say "Objection!" too.
Huh? That?
O-Oh, I dunno! Ha ha ha ha ha! H-Hey, did you catch the game on TV last weekend?!
But we got a lead, too, Mr. Starbuck! The murderer had a lighter with an Earth emblem on it!
D-Did you remember something?
Th-That's huge! Do you remember seeing anything?!
If we can prove there was this third person at the scene and that they're the real killer... ...then you'll be cleared of all suspicion!
Now that we have a glimmer of hope, I'm suddenly starving! Why don't we go back to the office and treat ourselves to a big celebration in advance?!
Now let's get something to eat! I'm starving! My vote is for Eldoon's Noodles!
Apollo! You're supposed to be in bed! Leave the case to us. We'll take it from here!
A suspicious figure was spotted at the scene! We think they must be the real killer!
Sounds like me and Junie. So what was Clay like?
Wait! What do you mean by "a leave"?!
B-But that's our goal, too!
I sensed a lot of anger and hatred coming from him... And also... suspicion. Argh! He's NOT walking out on us like this! I'm going to go talk some sense into him!
Y-Yeah, you're right, Boss.
Looks like the judge has become a pretty good mind reader.
So that means the testimonies of the first two people on the scene are suspect.
Let's see. The two people were Detective Candice Arme and Yuri Cosmos, right? You think that one of them might have given a false statement to the police?
He definitely put the kibosh on anyone asking her about what she saw.
Director Cosmos, huh...
Looks like he's all geared up to do some bragging.
That speech of Prosecutor Blackquill's just now... It sounded more to me like he was poking fun at Director Cosmos.
Well, what do you know. It sounds like the director really cares about his men.
He's calling your theory a work of fiction, Boss.
Let's press his statements and draw the truth out of him!
So that bullet hole was from a .38-caliber, huh? I'd better update the record.
Wow, he sliced our third person theory to ribbons and served it to us, just like that...

Prosecutor Blackquill! Shame on you for teasing the nice old gentleman!
I have to check this out! .........Oh, wow. Look at that. There's one extra GYAXA star...
It's beginning to feel like the cosmos is watching out for Director Cosmos.
I don't know, but it sounds fishy to me. What else is he hiding?
Okay, so Director Cosmos was in the Control Room to the east.
But the bullet hit his medal, so he was able to escape with his life. He's a very lucky man. No wonder people think he's great.
N-Nooo!
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!
Captain Wright! It's a direct hit on the enemy ship, sir! A magnificent shot!
...Then accept your fate and tell the truth!
Is he going to start piling on more lies?
Hmm... That is an excellent point...
Well, it makes some sense if he told those lies to cover for Mr. Starbuck...
So Director Cosmos claims he's not the culprit... but where's the proof?
Hmm... As long as he has an alibi... ...we can't very well claim Director Cosmos was the killer.
Wait, but I thought the bullet hit his medal?
R-Right... What a mess this is turning into. So, let's see... Director Cosmos is claiming that when he found Mr. Terran and his killer... ...the culprit shot a .10-caliber bullet at him.
And then, the killer disappeared, and the director went into the boarding lounge... ...when Detective Arme caught up and fired those warning shots at him. Judging by his medal, it looks like one of them almost took him out, too.
Mr. Wright, why don't you let me help?
While the director was giving his testimony, I detected a cacophony of discord.
You got it, Boss! I wouldn't want to miss this chance to delve into a great mind! Yuri Cosmos, prepare to hand over the secrets of your heart to me!
It's working, Boss! One more punch and it'll be a knockout! There seems to be one more emotion that's at odds with his testimony! Go get him!
Wow, he's speechless! It looks like you hit the nail on the head, Boss.
It's working, Boss! One more punch and it'll be a knockout! There seems to be one more emotion that's at odds with his testimony! Go get him!
Talk about mixed feelings! He must be trying to account for a number of contradictions. Mr. Wright. Maybe this time we shouldn't just look for contradictory emotions... We should also look for emotions that should be there, but aren't.
He must have felt very shaken and distressed at the time. Let's focus on the fluctuations in his emotions and see what we can uncover!
I'll just input those two pieces of data, and... Yes! Just what I wanted to see!
Presto chango! Less discord! It looks like we're on the right track!
But the area beyond that door was filled with smoke, wasn't it?
I think his grandchild just learned a little about the harshness of the adult world...
............Actually, my cat is really sick, you know.
And on top of that, my dog just doesn't seem to want to play with me.
Just humor me, okay? Now, when you heard about my cat... ...and then about my dog, which story made you feel sadder?
Exactly. That would be the natural reaction. But there's nothing natural about the director's reactions. I think how each individual reaction changes across the whole testimony will be the key.
Boss, I'm getting less discord now! That must mean... ...he really is hiding something about that launch pad door.
I wonder what it could be?
Detective Fulbright gave us a photo taken after the crime. Let's run a comparison. Let's see. This is the footage of the door before Director Cosmos arrived. And this is how the door looked after the director entered the lounge.
...Um, I think it would be pretty surprising...
Hey, didn't Ponco tell us something about how they prepare for launch? She said that once the launch pad's fully assembled, it's moved to the launch site. But the safety lock in the boarding lounge has to be disengaged first.
Oh! So, if the killer escaped into the Launch Pad 1 corridor... ...maybe they were transported along with the launch pad to the launch site?
So then, where DID the killer escape to?
The director seems driven into a corner now. I can tell he's having a hard time hiding his true feelings!
His attempts to conceal the truth shouldn't be all that hard for us to break through. If we keep at it calmly, I'm sure we'll cross the finish line!
Pretty impressive, isn't it? This is the power of analytical psychology!
So that means... the director DIDN'T move the launch pad?!
Ha ha, talk about hitting below the belt.
You made him sigh like Mr. Starbuck.
Get a grip, Mr. Wright, and focus! We know the launch pad must've been moved...
Well, maybe the two astronauts never actually boarded the rocket! This footage could be fake -- taken with body doubles after the incident or something! ............On second thought, that's too far-fetched, even for me.
Huh?
Come to think of it, the door to the Space Museum from Boarding Lounge 2...
If the launch pads really were switched, there might be a record of it somewhere.
So the corridor beyond the door should be the one that belongs to the Space Museum. Let's see. This is an image of the Launch Pad 1 corridor. Do you see anything different when we compare it to the security footage?
Well... Wanna take another look at the Launch Pad 1 corridor again? OK, here's the footage of the Launch Pad 1 corridor. Do you see anything different when we compare it to the security footage?
And so that means... ...the corridor in this footage was NOT filled with smoke.
The director is... terrified. He must have one heck of a reason for not wanting to explain why.
Come to think of it, he did say something about finding us some evidence.
I didn't think he was serious, though...
Yes! We did it, Mr. Wright!
Ooh, I wish we could tell Apollo about Mr. Starbuck's verdict right now!
M-Me?!
I-I don't know how they got on there! But I KNOW I'M not the culprit!
Mr. Wright, I don't see any inconsistencies in the testimony. This might be a good time to--
I just can't help but feel that there's more to these statements than meets the eye.
Mr. Wright! I think I have something here!
That's right. Let me show you which statement I thought was strange!
I don't know, but I think maybe we made a mistake, Mr. Wright...
Let's take another look! There must be an unexpected emotion here somewhere!
