I hear there's lots of research into moon rocks and star dust from asteroids these days. They say the results could potentially have a huge impact on all of civilization! It's like we're in a new space race with every other country out there.
And Pearly, too! I knew you would come. After all, the first step is the interview with the defendant.
Heh heh. Thanks, Boss.
Really? Who else?
Oh... So you know, huh? I... I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
Sure, you can ask me anything. I promise I won't keep any more secrets from you!
I... I was actually at the Space Center that day. In... In the Space Museum...
I never could fully deal with what happened seven years ago... But when I saw the Center again during the news coverage of the HAT-2 launch... ...I thought maybe if I went there, things would be different this time...
So I went to the Space Museum the evening before the explosions. This was before the launch pads had been switched... There was sign that said "closed for repairs," and they weren't letting anybody in.
But I snuck in anyway.
I did... but what I really wanted to see was her jacket.
But I should've known it wouldn't be easy to get over such a tramatic experience... The second I saw that jacket, it all came rushing back to me. Everything around me went hazy and I couldn't see... ...I tried to get out of there somehow... But I guess I passed out. When I came to, I was in the passage behind the rocket. I was in the shadows, where people couldn't really see me.
I was out until about noon of the next day. I didn't even know about the explosions. When I woke up, nobody was around, so I just went out into Boarding Lounge 2. My mind must've still been fuzzy, because my memory is vague after that. I don't remember how I got home.
Which means... What if I'm the one who killed Clay...?!
Machines that could tell people's emotions by their tone of voice... and my special ability. Someday, when people travel to distant planets, their companions will be robots. So she said they had to be able to understand how their human companions felt.
I was just a convenient subject for her research. All she ever did was work, and she never paid any attention to me. ...Oh, sorry about that, dredging up all that old stuff...
I had to wear them every time I went out. Oh, I hated them so much! But she wouldn't listen...
Oh, she gave me some kind of explanation... ...but I don't remember now. It was too difficult for a little kid to understand.
I... I want to believe that. But just about the only things my mother left me with are Widget... ...and this earring.
It's made of a piece of real moon rock she had for research. Maybe she did love me, in her own way...
Yes, a little. And this person has even taken hostages?
What? You're kidding me! So that means... Prosecutor Blackquill might...?!
Yes. He used to come visit my mom a lot. He studied psychology under her, and would sometimes ask for advice on his legal cases. He was very kind and considerate, and straight as an arrow.
That's why I took the witness stand during his trial seven years ago.
"He didn't kill her! His heart is screaming that he didn't kill her!" I was a fool. How could anybody else know what I was talking about?
But... nothing I said did any good. I was a shaking and scared little girl, small and ineffectual. Even after I went to live with my relatives in Europe, I stayed closed up in my shell.
Thanks. That's because one day, I came to realize that I had to fight. I couldn't give up. I exercised hard and I studied hard. I wanted to become the strongest lawyer I could be.
I wanted to save Simon, but I had no idea how. Then I met Mr. Wright, and thanks to him... ...I realized that if I became a lawyer, I could prove that Simon was innocent. I also realized that psychology could help me do this. I mean... ...psychology was my mother's specialty. When I studied it... ...I felt like she was there with me, supporting me.
I wanted to prove Simon's innocence personally. I wanted to do it so bad... Even now, I want to fly out of here and go save him!
I heard some prison guards say that you had an interview with Simon. How was he? What did he say?
He was? I wonder if he smiled, like he used to... back then...
Oh, the Ponco series! You must've gone to the robotics lab.
Yeah, my mother made them and I grew up around them, you know.
Ha ha. See Ponco's bandages? I put those on her. I just wound them around and around. Pretty bad job, huh? But I really put my all into it. I hardly left the Center in those days, so I didn't have any human friends besides Junie. I didn't really understand the difference between robots and people back then. I thought that if a robot broke, bandaging it would help it get better. What a weirdo I was!
Yeah, I wrote stuff like, "Get well soon, Ponco!" But, in the end, my mom just put her on the operating table and fixed her in a flash.
I was so impressed by what my mom did. I even asked me if she would put me on the table and fix me if I ever got hurt. It looked just like magic to me, what she could do.
Could it have been me who killed Clay...? Did I kill Apollo's friend...?
I hope that includes Apollo...
*sigh* I wonder if I'll ever get the chance to present evidence like that again... I'll probably never work as a lawyer again now...
I hope you can... I really hope you can...
Of course... Why didn't it ever occur to me before? If Prosecutor Blackquill is innocent, somebody else had to have been the true culprit. Did I..? Did I... kill my own mother...? N-No.........
But, in the end, my mom just put her on the operating table and fixed her in a flash. I was so impressed by what my mom did. I even asked her if she would put me on the table and fix me if I ever got hurt. It looked just like magic to me, what she could do.
I wanted to do it so bad... Even now, I want to fly out of here and go save him!

I can hear it... I can hear the voice of his heart. He's hiding something!

...........These past seven years... They've been just as hard on me, you know.
Do you remember? That... horrible, horrible trial...
"He didn't kill her! His heart is screaming that he didn't kill her!"
Even now, every time I stand in a courtroom, it comes back to haunt me. Not being heard, no matter how hard you try... Feeling so helpless... Caught in people's stares, so scared that it feels like your chest is in a vise... I'm terrified of courtrooms. I want to run out of that door even now!
Thanks. That's because one day, I came to realize that I had to fight. I couldn't give up. I exercised hard and I studied hard. I wanted to become the strongest lawyer I could be.
...This day has finally come. The day I've been looking forward to with all my heart. This is why I became a lawyer. This is why I studied psychology. It was all to save you from this false conviction.
The only thing that matters is the truth. It's my duty to find out what that truth is. Simon, please give me this chance! The chance to shake off this fear that's been with me for seven years and to face the truth!
Here we go, Simon! Let me hear the voice of your heart!
His emotions are very guarded, and his defenses are way up. He's steeled his will, as if he'll never let his secrets be known...
But what WAS he trying to do that day? If we approach it from that angle... ...I bet we can find an emotion that just doesn't add up!
Simon knows the principles of analytical psychology. There's less noise now... but I don't see any instabilities we can latch on to.
You got it, Boss!
The heart doesn't lie, not even Simon's. I can hear that he's trying to hide his true feelings, but they're seeping through anyway.
I was just a convenient subject for her research.
Mr. Wright?
...I'm a lot stronger than I look, Boss. Now, take a look at this. The noise level actually increased.
Prosecutor Blackquill is lying somewhere in his testimony. As a matter of fact... ...he's piling lie on top of lie, in an attempt to make his claim sound more believable. He's trying even harder to suppress his true feelings, and that's what's causing the noise!
Got it, Boss! But if you want to go back to looking for inconsistent emotions... ...just let me know. I can easily switch back!
Got it, Boss! But if you want to try looking for a contradictory statement instead... ...just let me know. I can easily switch over!
If you find an inconsistent statement, present evidence to the contrary!
Um... Mr. Wright...? If we can't find any contradictory testimony, we could try looking for inconsistent emotions.
Coming right up!
Okay. But if you ever want to switch, just let me know!
If you see an unusual or out-of-place emotion, just point it out!
We could take a break and go back to looking for contradictory testimony!
Okay. But if you ever want to switch, I'm ready anytime!
Mr. Wright! It's happening again! There's even more noise now!
Whenever we find an opening, he covers it up with lies. We'll never get rid of the noise at this rate!
All right. Let's give it a thorough check, then!
All right. Let's give them a good look, then!
All right [sic]. Let's give it a thorough check, then!
All right [sic]. Let's give them a good look, then!
If you find an inconsistent statement, present evidence to the contrary!
Um... Mr. Wright...? If we can't find any problem with testimony, we could try his emotions.
Okay. But if you ever want to switch, just let me know!
If you see an unusual or out-of-place emotion, just point it out!
If you don't see any problem with his reactions, we could try his testimony.
You're the boss! But if you ever want to switch over, just let me know!
Unh... His voice... There's so much discord! I'm hearing not just one or two, but a bunch of rampaging emotions here! It's hard to describe... It's like a violent whirlpool or something...!
All of these complex emotions... They seem to be flowing from one source. I think whatever he really saw that day is what's causing these feelings!
Angh...! Th-This voice! It's hurts [sic] to even listen to it... He's been living with this pain inside him for all these years?!
Yes, that's right. Please hurry! Please set him free, Mr. Wright!
I-I... tried to take... my mother... apart...? I... I... I... NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
So it was me... I... I'm the one... who killed... my mother...
She... loved me...?
Yes... My head hurt every time I wore them...
No...! That can't be true...! Then why...?! ...Why would I have done... something like that... to somebody who loved me so much..?!
...Mr. Wright.
It's... okay. You can stop now... I don't want you or anyone else to suffer any longer for my sake...
I killed my mother. That's the truth. It's just like Prosecutor Edgeworth said... We have to face it... no matter how much it hurts. I admit my guilt. But could I please be granted... just one chance to tell everyone what I recall...?
Thank you for letting me do this, Prosecutor Edgeworth. And thank you, Mr. Wright and Prosecutor Blackquill, for letting the truth be known. Now we can finally move forward, and everyone's suffering can come to an end.
...I killed my mother. My memory is still a little hazy, but there's no question I remember it. I remember the weight of the weapon in my hands, and the feeling of it stabbing in deep... And I remember the warmth of her blood as it flowed down the handle onto my fingers. Your Honor, please find me guilty.
But Mr. Wright... Why? I killed her. I remember it now. Any counterargument now is pointless!
My memory is still a little hazy, but there's no question I remember it. I remember the weight of the weapon in my hands, and the feeling of it stabbing in deep... And I remember the warmth of her blood as it flowed down the handle onto my fingers.
But I remember it! I remember holding the weapon and getting blood on my fingers!
You're... You're right...
Look at how brightly the GYAXA logo shines in the sunlight above the entranceway! I really dig the stars and rocket motif it's got going!
But Ponco saw me! She witnessed the moment of the crime!
A mask... The person I stabbed... was wearing a mask...?
A mask...? Yes... I remember a... Aaaaaaaaaaagh!
I... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh! I remember a man... with a mask! How could he...?! What did he do to my mother...?! Ungh... My head...! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!
N-NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
It's all coming back to me... Everything that happened the day my mother was murdered...
I was... drawing a picture. When I was done, I went to show it to my mom. I opened the door... and then...! Ugh... Nghaaah...
She... was on the floor, by the workbench... with the katana sticking out of her... There was a handkerchief over her face... but I knew it was her by her clothes. And... there was a man there!
He tried to attack me. In a panic, I grabbed the knife that was there and... Nngh... He dodged at first, so I only got his clothes, but I tried again!
I did. I remember it clearly now. The knife went into the back of his hand. Then he kicked me, and I passed out.
When I came to, my mom wasn't moving. I had to do something... I had to fix her, I thought... So I asked Ponco to move her to the operating table.
............No, I'm afraid I don't...
Yes...! The mask... It was my mom's Japanese theater mask! I think it was the one hanging on the wall of the lab!
It was kind of spooky, that mask. My mom used to tell me... ...that a Noh mask even has the power to turn an ordinary human being into a phantom.

Thank you, Mr. Wright. I'll never be able to repay you for all you've done. But I'm fine now, because I can say with certainty that I didn't kill my mother.
More and more memories are coming back now... so I'd like to say one thing, if I could. Ponco came to the robotics lab at about 2 PM to recharge.
Right. Then he must have come to the robotics lab before 2 PM!
That's him! I'm sure of it! He... He's wearing my mother's jacket!
I did... but what I really wanted to see was her jacket.
Can you see it? There's the slash I made with the utility knife that day! And I'm sure that knife is under that jacket somewhere!
The culprit probably knew beforehand that Ponco charged up at 2 PM every day. So he waited for Ponco to come to the lab for her regular recharge.
Is it true, Boss? Does this mean... I'm...?
Y-Yes, Your Honor! Mr. Wright... Thank you! Thank you for everything!
But, Apollo... Why would you...?
But, Apollo... Why? How could you suspect me, too?
I was out until about noon of the next day. I didn't even know about the explosions. When I woke up, nobody was around, so I just went out into Boarding Lounge 2.
So that you can... really trust me?
............
Then... his concern for Simon... was also all just one big act...?
Thank you so much, Mr. Wright! If it wasn't for everything you did, I... I...
You got it, Boss!
A-Apollo...! ............
Huh? What is it?
Wh-What?! Why should I do that?!
Don't be such a dope! I was really touched by what you did!
You took the time and effort to genuinely think about who I am and what I'm made of... After all that, how could I punch a true friend like you, Apollo?
I still can't wrap my mind around Detective Fulbright being the phantom...
*sniffle* I'm so glad! But I won't... cry just yet! After all, we've still got a trial to finish!
Apollo.
...Thank you, Apollo! I know you can do it!
Welcome back, Apollo!
But why?
Let's do this!
Detective, we'd like to run a comparison on some prints we found in the boarding lounge.
............

The defense-- No, wait... Not "the defense"... The defendant feels it's not time for a verdict yet, and would like to see this trial continue.
............Hmm... It just doesn't feel right to be standing here. Hey, Apollo! Think you could scooch over?
I have some questions for you, Detective Fulbright. Are you relieved that you are no longer under suspicion of being the phantom? Are you grateful to Prosecutor Blackquill for what he's done for you?
I have yet to hear a single emotion behind any of Detective Fulbright's words, Boss. The suspicion against him has been cleared up, but he's not feeling happy at all.
We may not have any evidence, but the heart doesn't lie!
Your Honor! The detective has been deeply traumatized by our accusations!
If he doesn't get counseling right away, who knows what might happen to him?!
That was an excellent bit of psychological manipulation just now, Simon!
Hee hee. Guess we left you in the dust, huh, Mr. Wright? Simon was only pretending to believe Detective Fulbright... Because he knew I'd notice if there was a lack of emotions, like joy or relief, in his response. So he gave me the chance to take a listen. And listen I did to the voice of Detective Fulbright's heart!
You got it! Time to check the instant replay! Widget, mon ami! Let's do this!
It's just like I thought, and right in line with the phantom's psych profile.
Detective Fulbright! This lack of emotion proves you're the phantom! Hey! What's going on?!
He's trying to hack into the Mood Matrix program! I can't do anything with it like this!
Thanks, Prosecutor Blackquill! There! Now that you can't hack me anymore... ...I dare you to try to hide your lack of emotions from us!
What's going on?! All of a sudden, I'm getting an overwhelmingly happy reading!
Yikes! Now he's angry all of a sudden?!
Oh, I get it! So he has SOME emotions, right?
Then you have no objections to me analyzing you, right?
I don't know what we can do with this, either...
S-So you think this is what he meant by what he's really capable of?
And it was a response to that moon rock!
So, there really is something about the moon rock that would reveal his identity...?
But all humans beings have hearts and experience emotions. Sometimes analyzing a case from the psychological perspective... ...is the best way to find the truth! Eeeeek!
Ungh! ...W-Well, I admit, I don't have any conventional proof... But I still say that examining a person's heart has its merits!
All I hear... is distrust...?
But it's not like I use analytical psychology to falsely accuse people!
B-But, Your Honor...
So does this mean............ you will accept my findings in this trial, Your Honor?
Then that's a win for me-- No, a win for analytical psychology! Now, Mr. Phantom, you will tell this court the reason for your fear!
"For example"?! "Maybe"?! We need a more concrete answer than that!
Maybe the phantom's fingerprints are on the rock?
Then maybe he wanted the rock so bad, he literally drolled on it and left his DNA?
Mr. Wright, you were thinking something mean-spirited and rude, weren't you?
Detective Fulbright, or rather, the phantom, feels fear in regard to the moon rock. It probably has something to do with being afraid that his true identity will be revealed.
He dodged at first, so I only got his clothes, but I tried again!
I did. I remember it clearly now. The knife went into the back of his hand.
Good thinking, Boss. Security was super tight at the Space Center back then.
So, let's see. The phantom didn't have the moon rock on him when he left...
Hmm... It's almost as if it disappeared off the face of the Earth.
Boy, he's totally out of whack now...
Nooooooooooooooooo!

Not so fast. I have the phantom's psych profile right here. If we compile a psych profile on you, and compare the results... ...it will prove that you're the phantom!
Th-That voice... Those words...!
P-Professor Means! ............'s mask?
Huh?
H-How could you?!
W-Well, then why don't we get those fragments analyzed! We could ask an expert to verify if they were from the moon rock in the robotics lab or not.
And why not?
Oh!
There's really no way to prove it...?
We do?
?
But just about the only things my mother left me with are Widget... ...and this earring. Maybe she did love me, in her own way...
She did?
Yeah! ............O-OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Y-Y-You mean...?!

Every human being feels fear! You simply can't face the emotions inside you. You can't face them because you have nothing. No love, no trust...
I didn't have anybody to support me at first, either. I couldn't face the fear inside me, couldn't get over the trauma of my past.
You can't outrun yourself!
Y-Yes, Your Honor.
Ah, the complicated love-hate relationship between life-long rivals!
Well, I knew that if I didn't get your sentence overturned fast, you'd be executed! So I studied and studied. I was frantic! I'm so glad I made it in time! ............ Just barely... but I still made it!
Sh-Shame on you, Simon... for trying to throw your life away like that!
Like what...?
Huh?
You bet, Boss! What a team we are, huh?!
Well, nobody's going to try harder than me! So you'd better watch out, Apollo! Simon is free, thanks to Mr. Wright... ...but there are so many more people out there who need our help!
Hey, I know one thing we have to do! We have to celebrate! With a bowl of piping-hot noodles!
Hey, no fair! I want to say it, too!

The moon's closer than you think!
Aw yeah!!!
What?! You can't give up now! It's time to get in there and knock 'em to their knees!
I don't know, but I think maybe we made a mistake, Mr. Wright...
Let's take another look! There must be an unexpected emotion here somewhere!
Got it, Boss! But if you want to go back to looking for inconsistent emotions... ...just let me know. I can easily switch back!
Got it, Boss! But if you want to try looking for a contradictory statement instead... ...just let me know. I can easily switch over!
I'm actually not getting any particularly big reading there, Mr. Wright...
Hmm... I don't think so. I've never seen a person in such a chaotic emotional state!
This might be a long shot, but if there really IS a real emotion mixed in here somewhere... ...then it's possible that it would be the one emotion that doesn't disappear.
