Wow! This Shipshape Aquarium's show is great! I can't get enough of it!
I still can't believe they showed the Swashbuckler Spectacular on TV! Good thing I recorded this! ...Now, who's ready for another viewing!
How can you even suggest such a thing?! This show is therapeutic!
What?! Don't you know anything?! Animal-assisted therapy is an established psychiatric treatment!
It's a real thing! I've been to the aquarium myself to try it, and it really helps. I still go to there every now and then to further my psychology studies. The last time I went, I saw a dolphin and an orca swimming around together! It was so--
Wow! Congrats on getting your attorney's badge back, Boss!
I'm all for that! Let's get this agency hoppin'!
It is! ...I can't believe it! A murder at Shipshape Aquarium...?! But I love that place! We need to get to the bottom of this!
Wait... That costume... It looks just like... I've got it! You must work at Shipshape Aquarium!
Hee hee! I figured out the client's identity! Chalk one up for analytical psychology!
The same goes for me too, Ms. Buckler!
Ooh! I can really feel Sasha's frustration!
Let's help her, Mr. Wright! Let's save her friend!
You got it!
But you ARE a help! As long as you're the one playing officesitter, you're "fine"!
Starting to become a fan, too, huh? I knew you'd like it if you gave it a chance!
Wow, this is gorgeous! It's just like being under the sea!
Hey, Boss! Look at this cute little fish!
Seriously? Is that really all you can think of?
That's not a chicken! It's a penguin! C'mere, little cutie!
.........It ignored me...
Ah! It's an ad for the Swashbuckler Spectacular show!
So it's passing out flyers, huh? How cute!
Yeah, you're right. Time to roll up our sleeves!
Detective Fulbright! Are you the lead detective on this case?!
Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeek!
A-An orca is the suspect? Our client is an orca?! Is this for real?!
It's a pirate-themed aquarium, so that's why Orla is wearing a pirate hat, right?
No way! You did that?!
Ooh, you're gonna have to tell me all about this later, or I'll ask Apollo for all the juicy details!
Yeah, Boss! They have emotions just like we do!
Mr. Shipley was very important to you, wasn't he?
...By the way, do you know why exactly Orla is being accused of the crime?
Aw, just look at that face! Isn't she adorable! The charges just HAVE to be false!
So what's the theory on how Orla supposedly killed the victim?
So Orla's going to be put down without a proper investigation?! That isn't fair! That's nothing short of police negligence, Detective Fulbright!
What roles would we play if we said yes?
A-And I'm the sea slug?! No way! I won't do it!
They're... beautiful? In that case, I'll do it!
You'll what?! I guess doing crazy things just once in your career wasn't enough, huh? But what the heck! I'll take responsibility for her, too!
Just because it's never been done before doesn't mean we can't do it now!
Please, Detective Fulbright! For justice's sake!
Really?! That's fantastic! You're not such a bad guy after all, Detective Fulbright!
We're still not sure if it'll go to trial, but as Orla's lawyers, we'll do everything we can!
There just has to be something that shows the culprit was somebody other than Orla!
You sure are organized, Boss! Maybe I should get a notebook of my own!
Great idea! I'll add things, too. And whenever we're stuck, we can just refer to the notes!
There has to be some evidence here we can use in court! Examining the crime scene from every angle is the key here!
Or, if there's a particular spot that's got your attention, get right up to it and look away!
Of course, talking to everybody involved is one of the keys to good investigation.
Right! It all boils down to thorough legwork! Well, let's get started!
They think Orla dragged the victim into the pool, which is about 65 feet deep... ...and then rammed him in the water.
Great! It's all settled, then. Let's start the investigation!
Is that show makeup above Orla's eye?
Well, I think Orla is one hot rockfish! Speaking of rockin', how do you get Orla to do what you want during the show?
That's so cool! I wish I could give commands to Orla!
Gee, thanks!
Is that show makeup above Orla's eye?
Well, I think Orla is one hot rockfish! Speaking of rockin', how do you get Orla to do what you want during the show?
That's so cool! I wish I could give commands to Orla!
But there's usually water in the pool, so it doesn't need to. So apparently, the pool spans two whole floors. Ordinarily, visitors only get to see what they can from the first floor... ...but they said on TV that they sometimes give behind-the-scenes tours!
Yikes! Look at that huge octopus!
Wouldn't it be exciting to take on a huge enemy like that?! I'd like to give it a try, myself -- as a lawyer, that is!
Oh, Boss! It's just a painted backdrop, you know!
It looks handmade. Ooh, I just got an idea! Why don't we make our own "not guilty" backdrop?
No, we put psychological pressure on the judge by hanging it behind the defendant!
Hey, look! There's an apparatus here to hang from.
But Sasha was hanging from it during the Swashbuckler Spectacular. I bet there are all kinds of ways to use it, not just to move things. C'mon, Boss! Try thinking outside the box!
I guess Orla really likes meat. Who knew they fed her such huge chunks, though.
Of course, silly! And I love meat, too! Protein is your body's basic building block, after all!
You mean to tell me she jumps all the way up there and doesn't get her reward? The poor girl! After all that effort!
I guess they're watching to make sure we don't try any funny business.
How about if I suddenly break out some squat exercises? That would be pretty funny.
Wow, I wish I could play volleyball with Orla!
H-Her fast ball?!
U-Uh, well, maybe some other time...!
Hey, there's a cannon in the shape of a shark! I'd love to try firing that thing! Boom!
Hm? But why fish eggs? Why not baby sharks? Think about how crazy it would be to have sharks go flying through the air! Watch the thrilling life-or-death struggle as the little tykes fight to stay alive out of water! I can see it now! The drama! The mayhem! The whirlwind of teeth!
When I see this many buttons, I start to get fidgety.
Nah, I start itching to make a psychological study of people who want to push buttons!
What a mess! Was all this stuff knocked over when the victim struggle [sic] with his killer?
Look at all this stuff scattered everywhere! I see some swords! I wonder if they have anything to do with the case?!
But I still bet if someone got whapped with one, it would sting quite a bit.
But I think I could stand the pain.
Mr. Wright! Are you even listening to me? Stop looking at those toys!
Ugh. So this is where the body was found, huh?
Orla must really love this aquarium and the captain.
Under different circumstances, I would've loved to see the Swashbuckler Spectacular...
Well, Sasha has a "stache," and you don't, so I guess so...
Wow! That was awesome! Your performance packed quite a wallop!
Good idea. Let's go to the Aqua Tunnel!
Of course! But I can't get Orla to do any tricks.
It's easy to see how much you care about Orla.
What...?! But you and I are a great team, right? We can top that!
If I blow it at you, will you do a trick?
Hee hee! That's what YOU think! I've got a special trick I've been waiting to bust out. I can chug an entire glass of OJ without taking a breath, all while doing squats!
We have to find some evidence that shows the culprit wasn't Orla!
Well, I'm getting pretty good at investigating, thanks to that last case. So I want to show you how much I've learned! Vamos a hacer esto! Let's check out the scene!
Aaaaaaaaagh!
Well... I have noticed there's an amazing chemistry between Orla and Sasha.
My thoughts are that we don't have enough information yet. That is what my heart is telling me.
I'm so glad you got your attorney's badge back, Mr. Wright!
I can top that! I'm going to polish mine until the finish comes off!
Ooh, the Swashbuckler Spectacular is so exciting! I could watch it a hundred times! The fierce fighting, the graceful moves! Oh, Orla and Sasha are so cool!
Hey, I know! The whole office could be in it together! We could be the "Anything Pirate Band"! You know, from the name of the agency!
What are you talking about?! It sounds cutthroat! It means we'd do "anything" to get our hands on treasure! Anything, no matter how brutal!
Phwiiiiip! Phwiiip, phwiiip!
Most people can't hear it, but I think I can hear it a little bit. It's like a message that only Orla's heart can receive! Aw, that's so sweet!
Grr! Now you ruined it! You don't know anything about girls, do you?
Oh, I get it. Your current state of mind is: "Gather all the information we can get." But let's concentrate on USEFUL information from now on, okay, Boss?
How is the police investigation going? Did you -- say, for example -- find any other suspects besides Orla...?
So what's this "decisive evidence"?! Don't hold out on us now, Detective Fulbright!
Well, he never said that HE wouldn't leave ITS side, I guess... Now, let's sneak a peek! Wh-What the--?!
This little bit of footage doesn't prove anything!
Good idea! ...Huh? There's a sticker on this camera that says, "Return to the Pub O' Danger."
We can top that! Take THIS! Twin attorney's badges!
No fair! Your police badge is bigger and flashier!
Boss! I'd say we won this round!
But we'll do our utmost to defend our client.
In other words, he doesn't have enough information right now to make up his mind.
This looks like one of those hands-on exhibits. It has a real air of danger, don't you think?!
Let's see. According to the description, this room is... ..."A pub where pirates gather. Explore and interact with sea creatures! Actually feel the electricity of electric eels and feed real piranhas! Experience the terror of the seas with these dangerous experiments!"
Excuse me, but who are you?
O-Oh, yes! Of course! My name is--
B-But... I don't want to be "yellow girl"!
You say you're interested in the aquarium, but you don't look like a staff member. Hmm... Let's see... I got it! You're someone completely unrelated to this aquarium!
I'm not a "what"! I'm a lawyer!
Grr! Just who does she think she is, Boss?!
I thought they closed the aquarium and weren't letting members of the public in?
Huh? Psychedelic rock? Cyborg clocks? What?!
I didn't know you had a magical item like that!
Huh? The color of that stone looks different from before.
I-It can do that?
No way!
Let's go try to find some other way! I'm sure we'll find something!
I thought they closed the aquarium and weren't letting members of the public in?
So you're a fan of Shipshape Aquarium, like me?
Grr! That woman makes me so mad!
What? You're asking me?! Well, uh, let's see. I DO think you're very pretty, Ms. DePlume.
Well... I wouldn't say "full" so much as "full-figured"...
Hey, Detective Fulbright's gone. It looks like the police investigation is over, too.
Pretty sure? You don't sound too certain... Oh! Are you new here or something?
And I'm Athena Cykes. We're lawyers, and we're going to represent Orla... ...by taking her case to court and proving she's innocent!
Ooh, I love animals, too! Especially marine creatures, like dolphins!
Mr. Rimes seems pretty friendly.
So, what exactly do you do here as an animal keeper?
You mean, it's really difficult to get the hang of?
Speaking of the captain... what was he like?
I-I'm not crying! It's just, I can feel your heart crying, that's all.
Hmm... We haven't seen anybody who looks like a vet.
Were you rapping something about looking for a weapon earlier? A rifle or something...?
A penguin? Why would you name a penguin something like that?
Does Rifle wear a backpack, by any chance?
When we ran into her earlier, she didn't attack us. She straight up ignored us, actually.
Ooh, I would LOVE to feed a penguin! That'd be okay, right, Boss?
P-U! It smells so... fishy!
That'd be perfect for taking a nap at the office after going for a run or something!
I guess only a newbie can truly understand the feelings of another newbie!
Two peas in a pod! Birds of a feather!
Is she... your girlfriend?
So you like Ms. Buckler, do you!
So you think Orla really did it?
Oh, I see...
It's to feed the penguin with!
Oh, you're going to treat us?! How sweet of you! I'll start with tuna!
That's how it goes in the Swashbuckler Spectacular! Present a fish. Start fighting. The gauntlet--I mean, the fish--is thrown down, and the glorious battle begins! Ooh, you're so cool when you're up there jumping and slashing!
Ooh! You sound just exactly like a real pirate! Hee hee!
R-Rifle can use a walkie-talkie?!
Well, if Rifle's walkie-talkie is here, then Rifle might still be here, too! Rifle! Come out, come out, wherever you are!
Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeek!
I'm more afraid of my heart jumping right out!
Hey, you're right! C'mere, Rifle!
Argh! She ignored mem again! Why doesn't that penguin like me?! Graaaaagh!
Well, I'm not giving up! I'll MAKE that penguin like me if it's the last thing I do!
Hey! Get back here, you little pipsqueak!
Huh?
I'm Athena Cykes! I'm a new lawyer at the Wright Anything Agency!
"Pearly" it is, then! Nice to meet you!
A long time ago, Mr. Wright helped me out of a difficult jam. That's when I started thinking about becoming a lawyer like him.
Mr. Wright is the whole reason I am who I am today! He was the one who told me my knowledge of psychology could help people in court!
...So what you're really trying to say is that Rifle wouldn't take food from ME, right?!
Grr! I won't be bested! Pearly, it's ON!
Well, would you look at that! Rifle loves you!
Oh, how cute! A calendar in the shape of a penguin!
C'mere, Rifle! C'mon!
Grrrrr! Why can't I get Rifle to like me?!
Oh, great idea! And I have just the thing to offer her, too!
Why don't you just put your appointments on your phone?
Aw, now I feel left out.
Rifle! I have a present for you! It's chock-filled with love! Here you go!
Hey! Orla ate my love-filled fish! At least it looks like she enjoyed it, though.
I think Orla and I just had a bonding moment!
But Orla keeps coming to me and signaling she's still hungry. She wants my fish, chock-filled with love!
As lawyers, we have to do everything we can to save this beautiful, gentle creature!
Pearly sure seems right at home at this aquarium.
Well, if it bothers you, why don't you just ask her about it?
Checking out the scene is important, but we can't forget to question people, too! We need to get some insight on how people are feeling.
Of course! That's one of the basic rules of investigating! "The lawyer always returns to the scene of the investigation."
There sure are a lot of interesting characters at Shipshape Aquarium!
I guess they really wanted to give the place an authentic piratey flavor. Like the sea-bottom Aqua Tunnel, and the Exploration Corner, "where pirates gather"!
Y-Yikes! Widget, you scared me!
Ugh. That smells awful! Please keep it away from me!
Orla sure eats a lot, doesn't she? I used to eat a lot when I was a kid. Took lots of naps, too!
What?! You knew about that?! I-It's this new thing I'm trying out! Um... sleep learning! Yeah, that's the ticket!
Hey, Pearly, you and Mr. Rimes seem to be really good friends.
Wait a minute... This calendar of yours... It already has writing in it!
There's something written here under today's date. "Meet the captain at the orca pool at 7 am."
Veterinarian...? Is that the "Dr. Crab" Mr. Rimes was talking about?
Mr. Wright! This is no time to be standing there thinking to yourself! It's time to put your psychedelic clock skills to work and uncover her secret!
I thought they closed the aquarium and weren't letting members of the public in?
Boss, Ms. DePlume's anger is so powerful... ...even I feel like I'm about to explode! You have to do something! Quick!
Hm? Pardon me, but you seem pretty pleased that you witnessed this incident...
N-No, of course not! I... I just don't get the sense that you were afraid of Orla. It's more like you were... interested in her.
Oh! THAT Norma DePlume!
No! I've never even heard of her!
B-But I'm not a fan, I tell you...
Orla isn't violent! She's a sweet and gentle soul!
But rumors are just rumors! They aren't necessarily true!
But then... how did you get in here if you've been blacklisted?
We won't let you speak badly of Orla! We're going to defend her!
You can hear Orla from the visitor's corridor?
Wh-Whaaaaaaat?!
And we won't rest until we find proof it wasn't "accidental death," Detective! You'll see! Let's go, Mr. Wright! Time to check out that crime scene one more time!
All right, then! Let's start the re-examination! Pronto! I'm going to go check out that mess in the back one more time!
Aaaaaaaaagh!
*groan* I slipped.
Aaaaaaah!
*groan* I tried to get out of the way, but all I did was slip and fall... again...
I'm okay... But why did Orla spike that ball at me? After all the fish I gave her, I thought she liked me...
Very funny, Boss!
Huh? Looks like everything got shifted around when I fell on it.
Look! There's something new by the outline of the body, too!
I didn't think she was gonna spike it at me like that. I guess that must mean she likes me! I gladly accept her expression of affection!
Wow. I bet you could get a whole lot of Carpaccio from a giant leg like that! Ooh, let's go to the ocean and try and catch a giant octopus of our own!
Kein Problem! That's what man invented chainsaws for!
The more roadblocks you throw up, the more I want to do it, you know. Ooh, I can't wait to get started!
Hey, look at this mark on the floor. What do you suppose it is?
So when Orla spiked the ball at me earlier... ...that was one of her tricks?! It doesn't mean she hates me?!
Aw... Sasha looks so sad...
That's right! Time to put on a smile and stay strong, right?
M-Mr. Wright! There's blood on it!
Do you think it could be the victim's? And what was it doing all the way over here in the first place?
Hey, you're right! Orla certainly can't leave the pool, after all!
You're right, Boss! But where did they go? They aren't here anymore. You don't think somebody picked them up, do you?
Hmm... The tip of the blade is missing. Guess it just broke off.
You'd better not be trying to pin the blame on me, Boss!
No use trying to hide it. It's written all over your face! Besides, the broken part isn't even here. How could it have been my fault?!
Oh no! That child is hurt!
I-It is?! Oh, I mean, of course it is! I was just testing your response to an emergency.
Grr! I guess I'll just have to keep practicing, then! I wonder what the dummy is for, anyway?
Well, if they aren't beside the pool, maybe they're IN the pool. Let's go to that ladder over there and take a peek at the bottom of the pool, Boss!
Hee hee! I knew it! Want me to go down and check?
No, I won't! I'm a pretty good swimmer, you know!
We seem to be finding them all over. I wonder how many there are all together?
So, seven pounds of coins, scattered around the scene, one of them with blood on it... They have to be related to the case!
Huh? How could a little coin kill a grown man?
But wouldn't it make more sense to freeze just the water into a block of ice? That way, there'd be no evidence of it ever existing once it melted.
Hmm... I dunno about that. I think they'd just bounce off. Besides, how could you throw them that hard all at once?
Oh, I get it! If that bag of coins is the weapon, then we can use it to prove Orla's innocence!
Maybe the killer took it with them.
You know what I think, Mr. Wright?! The bloody coin alone should be enough to prove this might have been a murder!
Yes! This is just what we needed! Let's go show this coin to Detective Fulbright and Ms. DePlume right away!
Let's show them the evidence we found! The one that points to a human culprit!
I really hope Detective Fulbright can convince them...
WHAAAAAAAT?! It's Prosecutor Blackquill that wants to prosecute Orla?!
I AM NOT A FAN!
But how in the world do we defend an orca in court, anyway?
Plus, Ms. DePlume said Orla bit the victim... This trial sure isn't going to be easy... ...but I love a challenge!
Yeah! We can have a formal viewing back at the office!
Good morning, Mr. Wright!
I'm just thankful we actually get to have a trial for Orla. As a matter of fact, I just ran a few laps around the courthouse to get extra pumped!
Oh, I also cued the Swashbuckler video so we can watch it any time.
What?! M-Me? No, I, uh, just woke up early, that's all. ...Guess I need to cover them up. I get ragged on enough as it is by Prosecutor Blackquill.
Hee hee. That explains why your hair is spikier than usual. I mean, look at it! It's all super pokey and prickly and stuff. It's amazing!
Oh, Mr. Rimes! You came to watch the trial?
Well, don't you worry! We're going to win for Orla! Isn't that right, Boss?!
Orla's really pouring on the charm, huh!
Looks like she can read into people's words just as well as I can read into people's hearts.
The judge seems to be shocked.

The defense always has the right to cross-examine the witness, you know!
Guess I should jot that down. Note to self: Prosecutor Blackquill is on Team Rifle.
We'd better do our best to look like big-shot lawyers if we want to match her intensity!
That was more "kiss up" than "big shot"...
You're raring to go, aren't you, Mr. Wright? I see it in your eyes... and in your heart!
No... I can't believe Orla really bit him!
M-Mr. Wright! The hearts of the people in the gallery are suddenly filled with fear -- fear of Orla!
But Orla is black AND white! ...Her body, I mean.
I believe in Orla! And I'm ready to fight for our clients! I'll take everybody in this courtroom on if I have to!
Mr. Wright! Now would be a good time for me to put my skills to work! It's time to show what analytical psychology can really do!
You bet I did! And once we expose it, we just might be able to crack her. No, scratch that. Make it, "we'll definitely be able to"!
You got it, Boss! A complete analysis of Ms. DePlume's heart, coming right up!
Do you see any emotions that seem odd or out of place? Pay attention to not only which emotions you see, but how strong they are, too. An emotion might suddenly get stronger, for example, or you might see it grow weaker.
It must've been something else that scared her, then, Boss.
It sounds like maybe you saw something we haven't discussed yet. Take your time and try to remember what it was... What did you see?
Okay, good! Now, if you could please tell the court what you saw!
Wh-What do we do now, Boss?!
Wait a minute... There's still some discord left in Ms. DePlume's heart.
Yes, but there's no telling what it is. It could be something even more damaging...
...Yeah, you're right!
You've got it, Boss!
Do you see any emotions that seem odd or out of place? Pay attention to not only which emotions you see, but how strong they are, too. An emotion might suddenly get stronger, for example, or you might see it grow weaker.
Please think about it again, Ms. DePlume! Think back to what you really saw!
We did it! Analytical psychology got us what we needed from her!
Huh? I'm not sure that's really related to what Ms. DePlume did or didn't witness.

My boss is no coward, Prosecutor Blackquill, so I suggest you get ready to eat humble pie!
W-We got nothin'...
What are you doing?! That's not the right piece at all, Boss!
That was brilliant, Mr. Wright! You found a way to introduce the possibility of a human perpetrator!
Hmm... I guess there still is that... Even with somebody else as the culprit, Orla's behavior still seem [sic] pretty bizarre. I wonder why did she [sic] was doing the same things she did a year ago?
What do you mean?
Turn our thinking around, huh? Sounds good to me!
You did it, Boss! If the crime happened beside the pool, there's no way an orca could have done it!
Mr. Rimes doesn't seem like a willing witness.
Coins raining from the skies? He makes it sound... almost poetic.
Everyone's so busy protecting their head, they forgot about the trial...
B-But that doesn't make sense!
Mr. Wright... are you going to cross-examine Sasha?
But why would you go to all those lengths...?
What?! Then that means...!
Okay! We can't let Prosecutor Blackquill get the best of us! Time to refocus!
I guess "Nostache" refers to Prosecutor Blackquill this time.
Ms. Buckler! Just focus on your testimony and you'll be all right! Don't worry. We'll take care of that tiger shark for you!

Wait a minute! Widget is the smartest one of all!
I know, right? Ooh, I should call her "sea lion lady" and see how she likes it!
That was a line from the show when Orla and Sasha quarrel with each other! Didn't you do your Swashbuckler Spectacular homework, Your Honor?
Oh! That's the flyer Rifle was distributing! "Who will obtain the gold coins hidden in the skull rock?!" Ooh, I wish it could be me!
Sasha is deeply traumatized by the victim's death...
Do you think Orla really did make that stuff fall down?
Although, I have to say, it just looks like a red scarf was added to his OLD costume...
All right! Let's go over what we still need to find out about the victim's body.
Hmm... How did the victim's body sink to the bottom of the pool...? On a diagram, it's easy enough to move the body to the bottom of the pool... ...but in real life, the water would just cause the body to float.
What? I helped you, and I didn't even know it?!
It all makes perfect sense! If he fell, that would explain the "signs of blunt force trauma all over the body," too!
She brings a drowning person to the surface?! Then that must be it...!
That was great! That awesome trick captured everybody's heart!
Looks like we silenced Prosecutor Blackquill!
This is fantastic! You did it, Mr. Wright! Prosecutor Blackquill isn't even trying to refute it! Orla is saved!
Hee hee! Glad to see everybody so happy! And I'm absolutely thrilled about the verdict!
No! I don't believe it! Ms. Buckler was so upset by Mr. Shipley's death! She couldn't have done it!
Sasha...!
Sasha didn't kill him! I believe that with all my heart! There's gotta be something we can do!
Mr. Wright! I think I have something here!
That's right. Let me show you which statement I thought was strange!
Mr. Wright, I don't see any inconsistencies in the testimony. This might be a good time to--
I just can't help but feel that there's more to this statement than meets the eye.
I don't know, but I think maybe we made a mistake, Mr. Wright...
Let's take another look! There must be an unexpected emotion here somewhere!
*siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh*
...But then Sasha got arrested instead.
I-I don't believe it, either! I won't give up! Boss, let's go see Sasha and tell her we want to represent her!
Sounds like a plan!
Huh? There's no water in this pool. Orlaaa! Where are youuu?
Orla sounds so sad. Maybe she misses Sasha.
Detective Fulbright...! Grrr!
I object to you arresting Ms. Buckler!
Ms. Buckler is one-hundred-percent innocent, so why did you arrest her?!
O-Objection! Somebody else could have used Ms. Buckler's card!
Hee hee! Didn't I sound just like a lawyer right there?
O-Objection...! Um, there must be something I can object to in there somewhere...
We can top that! Take THIS! Twin attorney's badges!
No fair! Your police badge is bigger and flashier!
Boss! I'd say we won this round!
But we'll do our utmost to defend our client.
In other words, he doesn't have enough information right now to make up his mind.
What kind of a person gives fish as a bribe?!
Why? Is something wrong?
Medicine, huh...? Does Ms. Buckler have some illness?
You're pretty considerate, aren't you, even to a suspect.
...His heart is filled with confusion. I don't think we'll get him to listen now.
You have a good point there, Trucy. So we lawyers have to keep mowing the prosecutors down, to stay sharp?
I bet Apollo could be a first-rate talent in no time!
R-Really?! I'd better start working on an act, then!
I can't believe it! Just when we prove Orla innocent, Sasha gets arrested! I'll never forgive that Prosecutor Blackquill and Detective Fulbright! This stress on my heart is just too much!
Gee, Mr. Wright! You sure know how to stay calm in a crisis! I can top that! LOOK HOW CALM I CAN BE!
I had a thought. How about if I try getting on Taka's good side? Then maybe he wouldn't attack when that awful Prosecutor Blackquill told him to!
Well, if I made myself smell like meat, he'd start to like me! The way to a bird's heart is through his nose, right?
I'm so glad you got your attorney's badge back, Mr. Wright!
I can top that! I'm going to polish mine until the finish comes off!
Ooh, the Swashbuckler Spectacular is so exciting! I could watch it a hundred times! The fierce fighting, the graceful moves! Oh, Orla and Sasha are so cool!
Hey, I know! The whole office could be in it together! We could be the "Anything Pirate Band"! You know, from the name of the agency!
What are you talking about?! It sounds cutthroat! It means we'd do "anything" to get our hands on treasure! Anything, no matter how brutal!
Phwiiiiip! Phwiiip, phwiiip!
Most people can't hear it, but I think I can hear it a little bit. It's like a message that only Orla's heart can receive! Aw, that's so sweet!
Grr! Now you ruined it! You don't know anything about girls, do you?
Ugh. That smells awful! Please keep it away from me!
Orla sure eats a lot, doesn't she? I used to eat a lot when I was a kid. Took lots of naps, too!
What?! You knew about that?! I-It's this new thing I'm trying out! Um... sleep learning! Yeah, that's the ticket!
It's just horrible! How could Ms. DePlume write such mean things about Orla?! This awful book made the judge doubt her innocence!
I read the book, too, you know... I hate to admit it, but it's a real page-turner. It really brought the scenes to life. Ms. DePlume is a powerful writer. She knows how to capture the reader's imagination. ...Maybe I'll ask her to sign the book for me.
Oh, I get it. Your current state of mind is: "Gather all the information we can get." But let's concentrate on USEFUL information from now on, okay, Boss?
Huh? That door is open. It was closed yesterday.
Of course, Boss! We sneak in and check it out!
Eeek! We're sorry!
Don't throw me under the bus, Mr. Wright!
Y-Yes, siiir!
Thank you! Sorry to bother you!
Um, well, yes... I'm not feeling super good at the moment... We're not making any progress on this murder investigation, and--
Oh! You're the "Dr. Crab" Mr. Rimes mentioned yesterday!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaw! What a cute little thing! Who is it?
Oh, you're so lucky! I wish I had a pet to live in my hair!
Aww, you're no fun...
The Supermarine Aquarium is the nation's biggest dolphin therapy treatment center! I go there, myself. I'm friends with their dolphins!
Wow. You're kind of rough around the edges, Dr. Crab, but you care about your work!
Can we see the penguin chick again?!
OWWWWW!
So this is Rifle's daughter! ...Which means both mother and daughter now hate me.
Did you and Mr. Shipley get along?
This place is just filled with electronics! What are those monitors for?
Oh! So you were the one who witnessed it?
Wow. You're kind of rough around the edges, Dr. Crab, but you're a pretty nice guy!
Aww, isn't that cute! He's easily embarrassed!
So you were just a regular veterinarian before this?
What?! You can treat people, too? You're amazing, Dr. Crab!
GRRRRRRRRRRR! You're awful, Dr. Crab!
No sweat! And this time, I'll get her to like me, too!
Thanks a lot, Widget. Well, at least she's a worthy adversary! Okay! Let's do this!
Have you been gathering material about last year's incident ever since?
But you don't even know if that's true or not!
So you heard Orla singing, and that's when you realized something was happening?
A fun song like that?! How could it bring misfortune to anyone?!
Wait a minute! That isn't the Swashbuckler Spectacular song! THIS is the song from the Swashbuckler Spectacular!
Oh we be pirates. We love to sail the seven seas.
What? It's the song they use in the Swashbuckler Spectacular!
Grr! She's so stubborn!
So you're a fan of Shipshape Aquarium, like me?
Grr! That woman makes me so mad!
What? You're asking me?! Well, uh, let's see. I DO think you're very pretty, Ms. DePlume.
Well... I wouldn't say "full" so much as "full-figured"...
I read it! I hate to admit it, but I thought it was very well-written.
Really?! It's Athena Cykes!
"B-Banana girl"?! That's the worst one yet!
Huh? But they always sing this song during the Swashbuckler Spectacular...
We wish we knew...
P-Put her down?!
Oh! And you think the money was going to this Center for Dangerous Animal Control?
Well, I don't see Rifle here. What do you want to do next?
Being able to say that with your head held high proves you're somebody who matters!
Wow, Trucy! I didn't know you had stuff like that, too!
If I blow it at you, will you do a trick?
Hee hee! That's what YOU think! I've got a special trick I've been waiting to bust out. I can chug an entire glass of OJ without taking a breath, all while doing squats!
It's to feed the penguin with!
Oh, you're going to treat us?! How sweet of you! I'll start with tuna!
Gee, I sure would like to see a head-to-head between Sasha and Trucy!
And we could join the fray as a band of lawyers! Right, Boss?
It sure feels nice to be part of a great group like this! I just want to say that I really love working here, with all of you fabulous people. Thank you for bringing me aboard, Boss!
Okay! Let's all run over to the aquarium!
Now that Detective Fulbright's gone, we can do anything we want here!
So Orla pulled this pirate flag and made the stuff fall down, huh?
Hey, you're right. There are holes for her flippers, too.
We need to get serious about the whole "lawyer" thing, too. We can't let Prosecutor Blackquill outdo us!
When something that was there before is suddenly gone, it has a psychological effect. Like, for example, if all the magic props in the office were suddenly put away neatly.
Well, she might not always be interested in magic, you know. She's at the age when young women start to worry about their future. The same thing happened to me, and I ended up becoming a lawyer.
One of the giant octopus's legs has been broken off.
I'm pretty amazing, myself, when it comes to strength! I run every day, and I go mountain climbing, too! I bet I could return Orla's spike... Well, I'll be able to someday, anyway!
Oh, Boss! It's just a painted backdrop, you know!
It looks handmade. Ooh, I just got an idea! Why don't we make our own "not guilty" backdrop?
No, we put psychological pressure on the judge by hanging it behind the defendant!
Yesterday, I asked around about this orca pool room, you know. They said that this hoist is used to move equipment and even Orla herself.
Hee hee! I thought you'd ask that! Apparently, they use a stretcher made especially for an orca.
I guess Orla really likes meat. Who knew they fed her such huge chunks, though.
Of course, silly! And I love meat, too! Protein is your body's basic building block, after all!
You mean to tell me she jumps all the way up there and doesn't get her reward? The poor girl! After all that effort!
Hmm... It won't be easy, but we can do this! Kein Problem! Sasha was devastated by Mr. Shipley's death. That means the true culprit has to be somebody else. So, chin up, Boss! Onward and upward!
Hey, there's a cannon in the shape of a shark! I'd love to try firing that thing! Boom!
Hm? But why fish eggs? Why not baby sharks? Think about how crazy it would be to have sharks go flying through the air! Watch the thrilling life-or-death struggle as the little tykes fight to stay alive out of water! I can see it now! The drama! The mayhem! The whirlwind of teeth!
When I see this many buttons, I start to get fidgety.
Nah, I start itching to make a psychological study of people who want to push buttons!
The victim fell to his death and was kept down at the bottom of the pool. But Orla brought him up to the edge of the pool with her lifesaver trick.
Yeah, I bet that's what really happened. Because she loved him...
Orla! Congratulations on your "not guilty" verdict! But... we have bad news... Now Sasha has been arrested instead.
I'm sure she is. I can sense the sadness filling her heart. Don't worry, Orla! We'll save Sasha!
I think Orla's wishing us good luck!
She can't understand our words, but I bet she can understand our hearts.
Wow! Look at all that treasure! Those jewels and that crown are huge!
No, everything is size "Orla."
A map, a compass... and a spooky, skull-shaped rock! Orla's room is filled with pirate pizzazz!
Yeah, it does seem pretty weird to have a big skull rock next to your desk...
When it comes to Orla, Sasha doesn't seem like the type to leave something half done... Her state of mind when she put it there... That could be the key to this mystery! And I bet it's a mystery I can solve!
They called this the "Captain's Cabin" on TV! Every night, by the light of the lantern, Orla pores over her treasures.
Um... what's with the glasses, Mr. Wright?
Calm down, Pearly! It's okay!
The poor thing was bleeding yesterday... The luminol must be showing her injuries.
Huh? So shouldn't her injuries be under her hat?
The poor thing was bleeding yesterday... The luminol must be showing her injuries.
Huh? So shouldn't her injuries be under her hat?
If your deductions are correct, Boss, I guess this luminol reaction means... ...that the victim hit this skull-shaped rock when he fell to his death...
If your deductions are correct, Boss, I guess this luminol reaction means... ...that the victim hit this skull-shaped rock when he fell to his death...
Then let me just get a quick photo to remember the occasion by! It's not every day we get to see the bottom of an aquarium pool! Yeah! That's a good shot!
Yay! My first collaborative work with Pearly!
Orla...? Boss! Something's wrong with Orla!
I'll run and get him!
What...? A-All right! What do you want us to do?
We can't use it with all this stuff on it! Let's clear it off!
Will Orla be all right, Dr. Crab?!
Feel better soon, Orla...
Orla! Open your eyes!
How did this happen? Mr. Wright! We have to examine her ourselves, right now!
But there must be something we can do!
The pirate hat, the star above her eye, and her white mustache are her trademarks! Without those things, she'd look just like any other orca.
I bet no ordinary orca could do that lifesaver trick! Hmph! How could you lump Orla in with all the other orcas like that, Mr. Wright?!
Hey, there's a poster of Mr. Rimes here.
And there's a reward amount listed, too.
Yeah, they have this special event where they give you a prize for tagging a staff member. The bigger the reward listed, the better the prize. The crew tries hard not to get tagged... Sounds like my type of event! I would totally DOMINATE in a game like that!
It looks like a medicine capsule. There's something written on it. I think it says... "3 Zs"... What would it be doing in Orla's stomach?
I wonder what kind of medicine it is? Let's ask Dr. Crab. It might have something to do with Orla's condition!
Yeah, I guess he was acting pretty sketchy. Okay, let's look into it ourselves, then.
I guess that wraps up our investigation here. Orla still isn't fully awake yet... Oh, here comes some staff! Looks like they're going to put Orla back into the pool.
...Right! So, where to now?!
Maybe we should look for information in other places besides the crime scene! Investigating is key, but questioning people is vital, too! I know! Let's make it a competition to see which of us can find the best evidence! The loser buys the winner a glass of OJ!
Why are the Swashbuckler Spectacular songs Ms. DePlume and I know different? I get the feeling it has something to do with this case...
I hate it when I don't know the answer! I'm going to go for a little run to let off steam!
That's the capsule from Orla's stomach, isn't it? It says "3 Zs" on it. I wonder what this drug does?
Who would do such a thing to Orla?! If I get my hands on them, I'll... I'll rip them to shreds, that's what I'll do!!
Oh, I know, Boss! Let's have Apollo look at the evidence we collected!
Aerial investigation, huh? Sounds good to me!
If it wasn't Ms. Buckler or Orla... who else could've killed Mr. Shipley?
They were probably practicing the lifesaver trick.
Yeah... While everybody else seems to think Orla is a killer...
But with orcas and dolphins, you can have communication of the heart.
Whaaaaaaat?! But why not?!
I can't even imagine the show without Ms. Buckler! It would be like, "Where's the beef?"
Eeeeek! There's a skeleton adrift!
Heh heh. It's just a prop. Were you really scared?
No, he's an informant named The Skeleton Kid. A dashing, spirited character, neither friend nor foe!
Look at that cute figurehead! It looks just like Orla!
The enemy lets their guard down and then, blam! Very piratey, don't you think?
We should do the same thing in court! Lure 'em in and then, blam! Present evidence!
Look at this pool! It's huge! So this is where they do the Swashbuckler Spectacular.
Oh, of course! I've only seen it on TV, though.
I love the show and the ocean! Standing here makes me feel like I'm at the beach!
Really?! I can?! In that case...
Right...... O-Of course! I was just joking, too!
Well, it's not like a public pool. Everybody who gets into this pool knows how to swim. Just like in the courtroom! It's sink or swim in there! A newbie could really get hurt. You know, like last time in court... I could've really gotten injured. I was an inch away from getting attacked by a witness.
Yeah, we used it to lift Orla when she was on the stretcher. In the show, Sasha makes her grand entrance by hanging from this thing! Ooh! We should think of a cool, grand entrance for us, too!
I've always wanted to crash in through the ceiling! I bet that would really knock the socks off the judge and the gallery!
Huh? Isn't that the skull rock there on the right?
This sign is so eye-catching, with all those twinkling stars!
That'd be perfect for taking a nap at the office after going for a run or something!
I guess only a newbie can truly understand the feelings of another newbie!
Two peas in a pod! Birds of a feather!
We know that. And we're going to prove it in court!
To "diss" somebody means to insult them or put them down. It's short for "disrespect."
Is it business with us...?
Grrr! C'mon, Mr. Wright! Let's get back to our investigation!
Our own benefit?! That's not why we're doing it!
Grrr! I've never been so insulted! Be right back! I need some water to wash away the anger.
Hee hee. I bet Detective Fulbright doesn't know about these prints! I imagine their search wasn't as thorough here as it was at the crime scene.
But we could, thanks to Pearly! And now we have a new piece of information!
Wow! This pool is about the same size as the orca pool! This is where they do the Swashbuckler Spectacular.
I get so excited watching the pirates do battle! It makes me want to put just as much passion into our battles in court!
Maybe I should get a pirate outfit to wear in the courtroom?
Yup. Before she went to clean, she apparently painted it and left it to dry. There's a picture of that skull rock for the new show on the right.
It's really eye-catching, with all those twinkling starfish!
Oh, you're right. Maybe Sasha forgot to finish painting them?
...So what you're really trying to say is that Rifle wouldn't take food from ME, right?!
Grr! I won't be bested! Pearly, it's ON!
Why don't you just put your appointments on your phone?
Aw, now I feel left out.
Hey, it's Rifle! We've got to catch her!
............ Yeah, thanks again to Pearly...
How about if we have Apollo check out our mystery evidence?
I wonder if they'll let us see Sasha now?
They ought to be done with Sasha by now, too.
Dr. Crab! We found Rifle!
No answer.
All right, Boss! Chin up! We have to lift Sasha's spirits!
............She's trying to cheer us up.
We came to let you know that we can take on your defense, if you'll have us!
O-Of course we wouldn't abandon you...! Uuuuuugh... Sasha...! Don't cry!
We're glad to do it!
What does the orca pool room cleaning involve?
I'm glad we could prove Orla's innocence, but we didn't know you would get arrested.
I'm glad you found us, too! YOU'RE the best, Sasha!
Oh, Mr. Wright! I just remembered! We have to return something to Sasha.
Oh, you're right! It's just Orla and the new adversary, Redstache.
What? But why?
Euthanize the orca...? That's horrible...
What roles would we play if we said yes?
A-And I'm the sea slug?! No way! I won't do it!
They're... beautiful? In that case, I'll do it!
Of course! But I can't get Orla to do any tricks.
It's easy to see how much you care about Orla.
What...?! But you and I are a great team, right? We can top that!
That's how it goes in the Swashbuckler Spectacular! Present a fish. Start fighting. The gauntlet--I mean, the fish--is thrown down, and the glorious battle begins! Ooh, you're so cool when you're up there jumping and slashing!
Ooh! You sound just exactly like a real pirate! Hee hee!
I can sense you really do believe in her, from the bottom of your heart. Well, we believe in her, too!
Ooh, a real swashbuckling battle! ...Arr! If it be a fight ye want, a fight ye shall have!
A h-heart condition...? Then you'd better get to the hospital right away!
NOT SERIOUS?! A heart condition is a heart condition! Don't tell us not to worry!
Arr! If it be a fight ye want, a fight ye shall have!
Maybe the culprit took it away?
Boss, let's go see Dr. Crab!
The biological parent and the caregiver parent, locked in a struggle over the child...
Wow. You sure know a lot about animals.
Oh, no! Wh-What kind of sickness is that?! We have to get her to a doctor!
Dr. Crab, may we see what was in Rifle's stomach?
Busy? But you're just staring at that weird machine.
He just keeps looking at that machine. He won't even glance our way.
Do you really think Orla killed her? I... I don't believe it!
But... is that really the whole truth of what happened...?
Was Ms. Summers special to you, Dr. Crab?
Oh, I'm sorry! I just thought I sensed a hint of romantic feelings...
Sorry about that. I guess I touched a nerve.
"Torpedo"? As in "Man the battle stations!" and all that?
Wow! This TORPEDO sounds amazing! Does Rifle have a sensor on her, too?
Maybe that's why she wouldn't take my fish, because she was full from the night before. But at least Orla ate it, so that's okay.
You mean... you're breaking the law?!
But breaking the law is breaking the law!
............Ugh. Now you're twisting things around...
Gee, Dr. Crab. The names you pick all seem to have something to do with weapons.
Couldn't you come up with anything a little cuter?!
Gee, Dr. Crab sure likes cute things.
Mr. Wright! He s-said, "euthanize her"!
Put her down?! But that's horrible! Did you agree to their demand?
It sure is a cute calendar. I guess you're crazy about penguins?
Were you and Ms. Summers... romantically involved?
It's just that I sensed... sadness in your heart when you talked about the calendar...
P-Put her down?!
Well, it looks like we'll be going up against Dr. Crab in tomorrow's trial.
Okay, we'd better get our evidence organized for tomorrow!
Thanks, Pearly!! That way, when we prove Sasha's innocent she can see Orla right away!
You're talking about that locket, right? The pendant you keep in your pocket? ...The one with Trucy's picture in it?
Well, that's my theory, but I don't actually know if it's really true.
And we WILL, Sasha! We promise!
Prosecutor Blackquill has completely tamed the judge with his carrot-and-stick approach.
Your Honor, please focus on the case!
We have to strike fast... Your Honor, we're ready for our cross-examination now!
Things SURE are different around OUR office, huh, Boss?!
S-Somehow, I don't think that's it, either...
Th-The poor thing!
How rude! Don't compare Mr. Wright to Sniper! Granted, his suit may make him LOOK a little like a penguin...
M-Miss Baby Chick...?! How dare you-- No, wait. That actually sounds pretty cute.
He leaves himself wide open to Rifle's attacks, though! I guess all we can do is keep pressing him for more information!
If we don't, Sasha will be the only one under suspicion! There must be a hint somewhere. I'd better look through the evidence again.
Dr. Crab is shaking... Looks like he has something to hide. Could it have something to do with the calendar note about meeting with the victim?
Let's put our heads together, Boss! The victim could've fallen during cleaning, when the pool was completely drained... ...or, using the partition, it could've been at 7 AM, with the water partially drained. What would be the major difference in circumstance between these two possibilities?
Oh, you're right! And that would mean... ...Orla witnessed the murder!
That seems to be quite a sensitive subject with the judge...
Orla? Boss! Something's wrong with Orla!
Eeeeeeek!
That's such a flimsy excuse!
I guess this is all so high-tech for Prosecutor Blackquill that it's making him a little "funny."
O-Oh! You mean, that person...?
Oh, Mr. Wright! No...
It's the charm that matches the one Azura Summers had, isn't it? So you and Ms. Summers WERE romantically involved, weren't you, Dr. Crab?
Now wait just one minute! Yesterday, Orla was proven innocent! Besides, you said Orla was in the show pool during the cleaning!
But Dr. Crab and Ms. Buckler both said you were at the show stage...!
Mr. Rimes! How can you lie like that?!
What?!
That's right! We believe in both Ms. Buckler's AND Orla's innocence!
We'd better be careful how we press the witness. Taka is watching us like a hawk...
What?! You're one to talk! All you have on your side is a cantankerous bird!
Hmm... I'm sensing some very complex emotions from Mr. Rimes... I need more information before I can do a proper analysis!
But he's suggesting the murder took place in the orca pool... Unless we can disprove that, we won't be able to save both Orla and Sasha.
M-Mr. Wright! Isn't there anything we can do? There has to be a way to prove Sasha is innocent!
A-Are you sure you know where you're going with this?!
Not again?!
Mr. Wright! Th-That was incredible! You turned things completely around! And to think! It all started with that half-baked bluff, too!
Mr. Wright, how about if you leave this to me?
Yup, noise! Discord in Mr. Rimes's heart.
You got it, Boss! Huh? What's this?
...Hmm... This testimony is pretty complex. Feelings of deep sadness and intense anger are being called up. Those two emotions appear to be running out of control!
We'll have to probe their cause if we want to get to his true emotions and testimony. There might even be odd or unnatural spots in his testimony he isn't even aware of.
I'll explain how to probe. Let's find the root cause together. When you see something off in a statement, tap the Probe button! Next, point to what's causing Mr. Rimes's out-of-control emotions. Finally, tap Probe to complete the process! When emotions are out of control, memories can be recalled incorrectly. If you still haven't found anything after all the statements and images, I'll help.
It'd be hard to find them both at the same time. Let's concentrate on probing just one. He did make one odd statement I was wondering about... I highly doubt there were any spectators at the scene of the crime.
Just to be sure, I'll explain how to probe one more time. Tap the Probe button at the statement that seems off! Next, point to what you think is causing his out-of-control emotions, the spectators. Finally, tap Probe again to complete the process!
Okay. That made the sadness subside. So maybe the "spectators" part was what was making him sad?
The only thing I can think of... is that he was mixing up one memory with another. Like... he was in a similar situation before, and it was deeply imprinted on his heart.
No, I don't think that piece of evidence would make him mix up his memories.
Let's look for something that shows he suffered intense emotional pain in the past.
Really? Just another spectator? There must a reason why you feel great sadness about that incident last year.
Eeep! B-Boss, do we have any kind of evidence that would back us up here?
When Mr. Rimes said the word "charm," he was very rattled. We'd better examine this charm a little more.
Mr. Rimes, you and Azura Summers... were a couple, weren't you?
But we managed to pinpoint the source of his sadness! Now let's delve into who Mr. Rimes is angry at!
Well, I don't think it was directed at that... Let's think about who he was really angry at, and why!
Now that his out-of-control sadness has subsided, the situation is a little different. Let's think about why he was so intensely angry!
But I heard discord in Mr. Rimes's heart. Does he really like Orla...?
I disagree. It DOES change things! His out-of-control emotion quieted down. Now we should be able to find out the truth behind that emotion!
According to my analysis, Mr. Rimes is usually a very calm person. Let's see if we can find any inconsistencies between his words and his emotions!
I agree it wouldn't make any sense for him to kill the owner. Why would he? But his hatred for Orla on the other hand comes through loud and clear.
If Orla simply didn't eat, then that would create an inconsistency. Where did her fish go?
Don't worry, Boss. If Taka comes this way, I'll fend him off! But do try to keep your remarks "careful"!
Ungh... Do you really think this sign proves Rifle was at the show stage?
Mr. Wright! Let's try to figure out how things looked when Rifle came to the show stage.
And we know it must be true, because he helped move the skull rock.
But wouldn't Mr. Rimes notice Rifle if he was right there?
Do you really think he was there? That doesn't seem right to me, somehow...
Come on, Mr. Wright! We're all counting on you, here! Try to imagine yourself as a high-powered attorney!
What?! Inside the pool? But, you're right. If he was inside the pool, he wouldn't have noticed Rifle. So are you saying Mr. Rimes was underwater the whole time Rifle was eating?

I've analyzed the hearts of all kinds of people. I have enough experience to see when I look into your heart that you haven't given up. So that objection was my way of speaking up for your heart!
The "Wright way"...?
So... Cross-examining Orla, huh? That was a bold move, Boss. Now all we have to do is figure out how Mr. Rimes manipulated Orla!
Leave it to you to think of something like calling Orla, Mr. Wright!
If we put Mr. Rimes and Orla together, maybe we can get some kind of clue.
Oh! Ms. DePlume! You've been watching the trial?
B-But you said you were going to "euthanize the orca"!
Oh! THAT'S why?
H-he must have wanted you to witness what Orla was going to do!
Well, that was quite a bombshell she just dropped, and so casually, too.
Oh, Mr. Wright! Looks like it's time!
You've got it, Boss! We're gonna go in there and save Sasha and Orla--together!
............ Mr. Rimes was right. Nothing happened...

You leave the interpretation of Orla's heart to me! All right, girl! What you got to say?! Lemme hear it!
............ Oh, Orla! You're so cuuuuute!
I'm getting a strong reading of happiness. Maybe she thinks she's doing a show?
Not a wet noodle? That just sounds... fishy.
I guess Orla won't do what you want unless you give her the proper signal. ...Ooh, doesn't Orla sing beautifully?!
Even if we can't understand what she's saying, at least we can understand her heart! If we can just figure out how Mr. Rimes commanded her, I'm sure Orla will confirm it!
Mr. Rimes had to have commanded Orla somehow!
...Got them! All right, I'll try playing one.
B-Boss, you don't have to agree so cheerfully...
Hmm. So Orla can't do two tricks at a time, but Ms. DePlume saw her do it... This logical inconsistency means there's a flaw somewhere.
But Ms. DePlume had no reason to lie about such a thing.
Boss, I don't think that makes any sense...
You did it! Now we can save both Sasha and Orla! Just leave it to Cap'n Wright's Swashbucklin' Lawyers to win any case!
You probably broke it on purpose after the fact!
Ooh, he makes me so mad! We gotta come up with our own freestyle, Boss!
Ooh, your walkie-talkie broke! Isn't that just SO convenient?! Mr. Rimes, I think you broke it on purpose!
Ungh... I-I don't have any proof...
If he gave Orla that command, then it couldn't have been broken at the time.
You can also zoom in and out to get a better look. Now, let's check every last inch of it for anything "off"!
Well, a sword walkie-talkie in and of itself is pretty odd, I guess. But let's keep checking it out!
H-Hey, it's not an old TV, you know! Please don't break it any further! Let's keep looking!
Huh? Look at these. They look like... tooth marks.
This walkie-talkie has Orla's tooth marks on it. Does that give us any kind of lead...?
I'm not even sure where to start with testimony like this... I mean, how can we possibly prove when his walkie-talkie broke?!
Hmm, we tried pressing him, but it didn't change anything.
Really?! You caught something?!
Mr. Wright, I found something interesting. The tooth marks on the walkie-talkie... Notice anything funny about them?
Something is different about them, compared to the other tooth marks we've seen.
It's just a tiny difference. It might not even mean anything...
Sasha is saved! Orla is going to be so happy!
Boss! What are you doing?
Evidence? What evidence?
...It means Mr. Rimes was actually...!
Maybe she didn't want you to worry about her...
Oh, I'm so happy for you and Orla, Sasha! Everything turned out great!
Huh? What was he telling you about?
By the way... Orla wants you to give her a little celebratory prize!
Mr. Wright! What did you do? Orla's heart is overflowing with sadness! I think THIS is what she wants!
Oh, Orla! I want to be next!
Ooh, I can't believe I get to see the show again! I'm so happy, I want to dive in the pool!
Mr. Wright! I think I have something here!
That's right. Let me show you which statement I thought was strange!
Mr. Wright, I don't see any inconsistencies in the testimony. This might be a good time to--
I just can't help but feel that there's more to this statement than meets the eye.
Hmm. That doesn't appear to be the cause of his out-of-control emotions...
It'd be hard to find them both at the same time. Let's concentrate on probing just one. He did make one odd statement I was wondering about... I highly doubt there were any spectators at the scene of the crime.
Just to be sure, I'll explain how to probe one more time. Tap the Probe button at the statement that seems off! Next, point to what you think is causing his out-of-control emotions, the spectators. Finally, tap Probe again to complete the process!
Well, I don't think it was directed at that... Let's think about who he was really angry at, and why!
I don't know, but I think maybe we made a mistake, Mr. Wright...
Let's take another look! There must be an unexpected emotion here somewhere!
