It's been a long time... Wright.
What am I going to do with you...? Still blaming others when things go wrong? You haven't changed a bit, Franziska.
Are you talking about the Von Karma family creed? "To be perfect in every way..." Then let's hear it, Franziska. How are things going? I hear you are having a rough time maintaining perfection in this country.
You seem to be getting crushed under the weight of it all. That's why I came back.
Hmph. Still the same wild mare she always was.
...Your Honor... Due to the circumstances, Ms. Franziska von Karma can not appear in court today. I, Miles Edgeworth, will be taking her place. The prosecution is ready... naturally.
Ms. von Karma was shot in her right shoulder, and is currently undergoing surgery. Luckily, I have looked this case over and am familiar with the details. The prosecution seeks to prove the guilt of Mr. Matt Engarde.
...Wright. I finally found the answer I was struggling for on my long journey this past year. By the time this case comes to an end, you too, will know the answer.
Now then, the prosecution would like to call its first witness... Please bring Detective Gumshoe to the witness stand!
Witness, your name and occupation.
The prosecution has no need for a depressed witness. Lift your head up and face forward like a proud officer, Detective Dick Gumshoe!
Now, let's have your testimony. If we want to explore the various facets of this case, we must start with that.
Which is to say, the murder occurred during that thirty minute break period.
I believe that is enough. First, the victim was choked to death with his bandana. Then, after the victim was dead, the killer deliberately stabbed him with a knife.
Which brings me to my next point. Why then, did the police arrest Matt Engarde...? Because there was reason enough to suspect him.
Yes, it most certainly does, Your Honor. Ready to give in yet, Wright?
You can press as hard as you'd like. Just hurry up with your usual pointless questions.
Detective. I'm beginning to see why you were fired.
I look forward to your pension negotiations.
Detective! If you value your money, I suggest you proceed!
...Thread.
The button was attached to the costume by thread, obviously. And that thread snapped when the button was torn off. If you match up the ends of the thread on the costume with the thread on the button... it's a perfect match.
The police didn't have the free time to lollygag and play tricks, unlike some people...
...Hopeless. Were you paying attention to the testimony, Wright? The defendant's fingerprints were "all over" the knife. There is no way to determine how the knife was held at the moment of the murder.
Heh heh heh...
I'm sorry, but the defense is simply too careless.
I think whether the crime was premeditated or not... has already been determined.
I admit this knife is hotel property. There is no one currently on the police force that is dumb enough not to realize this.
The question is... Where did this knife come from?
Sorry, Your Honor, but that is incorrect. The victim ate a last meal before he was murdered. With that being the case... I would like to draw the court's attention to what is on top of the table.
If it pleases the court... I would like for us to recall the room of the defendant, Mr. Matt Engarde. Especially what was on top of his table... There is something missing... Perhaps, it is a single knife? We investigated the leftover dishes for fingerprints, and while we were investigating, we came to the conclusion that Mr. Matt Engarde's knife was missing.
Mr. Engarde had gone to the victim's room with the knife he had used during dinner. Why would he carry a knife on a visit? To kill, of course. And with that, I believe the prosecution has proven... This was a premeditated murder.
I can safely say that any further deliberation is a waste of Your Honor's time. Although... I wouldn't mind if the defense were to present evidence not yet shown to the court.
Which means this court is adjourned.
What the judge is saying, Wright, is don't try pulling one of your usual bluffs here.
Sorry, Wright, but this time, your bluffing steered you wrong.
What is it, Your Honor?
...You don't need my opinion. Because there is no special meaning to that glass.
It's safe to say that the glass was set there after the crime took place. By the person who discovered the body, Adrian Andrews, for example. She could have easily been so shocked that she set the glass down without thinking.
Unlike Mr. Wright, I never say anything unless I have the evidence to support it.
You're not thinking hard enough today, Wright. Did you think this wine glass escaped my notice?
Of course it has been thoroughly inspected... for fingerprints.
There were only one set of fingerprints left on this wine glass.
They were not the victim's nor the defendant's. Rather, they were of one Adrian Andrews.
That is why I said that the person who had discovered the body had left it there. Are we done here, Mr. Wright?
Ms. Andrews was probably holding the glass when she went to see Mr. Corrida. But upon seeing his dead body, she was stunned, and set the glass down on the dresser.
Tsk tsk tsk... Now do you see, Wright? You can't change any part of my scenario as it explains everything all too well.
I've thought long and hard this past year about what it means to be a "prosecutor". And from here on out, I will show you the answer I have come to discover!
Unfortunately, I can not allow you to pass judgment yet. The prosecution has yet another witness we would like the court to hear from.
Yes. Bailiff! Please bring in the next witness!
Now then, witness, please state your name and occupation...
... Witness! Your name and occupation, please!
Uurrngh!
Grrrrrrrrr...
I saw the report with her testimony, but who knew that under that helmet... it was the wicked witch of the witness stand!?
No no no, please, by all means interrupt her! Please! *ahem* Anyway, witness, your testimony please.
The witness was on security detail at the hotel on the night of the murder. Is this correct, Ms. Oldbag?
Very well. Please tell the court what you witnessed the night of the murder.
I have no idea. I despise gossip, Your Honor.
If this has something to do with the case, then you can append it to your testimony.
In any case... The witness then saw someone, correct?
Then perhaps you would like to point out what part of that testimony was important!
Then perhaps you would like to point out what part of that testimony was important!
Then perhaps you would like to point out what part of that testimony was important!
Well, it might be something worth thinking about.
Witness. I'll give you a piece of gum later if you'll be good and stick to just the facts.
Wright. I'll be sending the bill for the chewing gum to your office at a later date.
... Is that what you're driving at...?
He probably took his gloves off before he began the stabbing!
However, there is one possibility!
It's very simple. The defendant went to the victim's room while in costume as the Nickel Samurai. At that time, the defendant held no intent to murder. He was probably just going to relax and talk with the victim about the stage show. Which is why he took his gloves off!
It's well known that the defendant and the victim had bad blood between them.
Wh-What are you babbling about...?
Naturally, you point to the one piece with the least value... but with such vigor! Enjoy your energy while you can. Humans don't live forever... Neither do lawyers.
How are you doing over there? Busy collecting your thoughts?
I suppose...
Hmm...
M-More of your nonsense!?
Then I'd say the knife did a terrible job of "concealing" this fact!
And that laugh doesn't do a very good job of concealing your error either!
A-Aren't you forcing the interpretation just a little too hard on this one!?
Grrrrrrrrr! Witneeeeeesssssss!!
Gnnnnngh...
It seems that this is the latest rumor in circulation, Your Honor.
Adrian Andrews. Without a doubt, the witness thought so as well.
I really don't want to do this, however I cannot simply let this point slide.
We have looked into this matter, and found that the "truth" the article proposes is, in fact, baseless gossip.
EH!? Wh-What are you handing it over to me for!?
Um... What she said, Wright! Or should I say... Baboon-boy!
Eh!? What do I have to do with this!?
Hmph. I don't want your reward, but you don't leave me much of a choice...
The witness could have gotten her information from anywhere! It's even possible that it was spontaneously made up inside the witness' head!
You call that "proof"!? It looks more like proof of spite towards the witness! If you have nothing to back up your claims, then they are no more valid than "gossip"!
Nngh...
You really should come with a supply of cheese to match your vintage whine.
Hmph. More than the witness' credibility, perhaps you should be worrying about your legal standing, or should I say, falling?
There is only one photo that seems to be relevant to this case.
This photo by itself does not prove that the person in it is the defendant. However! In his own confession, Mr. Engarde clearly stated that... At the time of the murder, he was still in his Nickel Samurai costume!
The defendant.
Hmph. I have done nothing to alter this picture either, in case you're wondering, Wright.
Oh? Let me guess. You are going to point out some peculiarity with this photo?
I knew this was coming, Wright.
I think we can all agree there is nothing strange with this photo. There is no way for the defense to debunk this photo, even with a bunker buster.
If you think that's all it takes, you should reconsider your choice of occupation.
I think it's about time you retired!
The problem was with the brain of that lawyer, Your Honor.
Somewhere...?
The problem was with the brain of that lawyer, Your Honor.
I wonder if you would care to elaborate... With actual facts, that is.
... Hmm... I thought it would come to this.
Wright. I have something I want to ask you. I think you have proven that the person inside this costume is not Matt Engarde. In that case... Who IS this a photo of...?
Sometimes I wonder about you. Do you just pick the first piece of evidence you see?
And why would you say it would be Ms. Andrews!? What in the world points you to her?
Why don't you just say what it is you want, Wright?
Yes, Your Honor?
I abhor wasting such valuable time...
Your Honor. I request that you please continue with today's trial.
Tsk, tsk. "Unexpected" development? I think you underestimate me, Your Honor.
That Mr. Phoenix Wright would slave his way to subpoenaing Ms. Adrian Andrews is all happening according to plan... Even if Wright was a bit slow to catch on...
Ms. Adrian Andrews is currently waiting in the prosecution lobby... She is the next witness.
Exactly.
The prosecution calls the witness subpoenaed by this court. Ms. Adrian Andrews, the person who discovered the crime in Mr. Juan Corrida's room!
What is your occupation?
Anyway, I was wondering if you could please tell us about your relation to the victim.
No one has accused you of that.
Very well then. Witness, please testify to the court about what happened when you discovered the murder that had taken place.
And that is when the fingerprints on the wine glass were made, Your Honor.
Wright. I thought years of school would have taught you how to construct a sentence. If you can't make a sensible sentence with a subject, then I'll make one for you. Watch. Did you, Ms. Andrews, remove Mr. Engarde's knife from his room?
Subject, verb, object Wright. Did you skip basic grammar? The witness may continue.
May we continue now...? Witness, what did you see when you got to his room?
Anyone randomly stumbling upon a dead body would be in shock. And you can't seriously expect that a young beauty like her would not be shocked.
Hmm, actually... So would I...
Wh-Why did you withhold such an important piece of information!?
And then, what did you do next, witness?
Hmm, actually... So would I...
Wh-Why did you withhold such an important piece of information!?
What is your point, Wright!? That the case was closed at the time the vase was knocked over? Is that all!?
Nngh...
But... But this whole matter with the guitar case is a dead end! The bright red guitar was found at the studio! It has no bearing on this case at all!
Heh! I can't believe ANYONE would reach for straws like this! But it is you...
This wastefulness is such a familiar feeling by now that it's almost... comforting.
Hmph. Using "anyway" to change the topic; a convenient escape for a weak man.
As the witness has said multiple times, when she found the dead body, she was "dazed".
Hmph. You're the epitome of a half-baked idea.
Now, if the defense has no further objections, let's return to the testimony.
I think it's time for you to go home now, Wright... Before you hurt yourself, that is.
Now, if the defense has no further objections, let's return to the testimony.
How long have you been a lawyer, Mr. Wright!? Have a little professionalism. The bright red guitar was found at the studio. These trials would be over in half the time if you would just pay attention.
Hmph. You're the epitome of a half-baked idea.
Now, if the defense has no further objections, let's return to the testimony.
I think it's time for you to go home now, Wright... Before you hurt yourself, that is.
Now, if the defense has no further objections, let's return to the testimony.
Hmph. You're the epitome of a half-baked idea.
Now, if the defense has no further objections, let's return to the testimony.
I think it's time for you to go home now, Wright... Before you hurt yourself, that is.
Now, if the defense has no further objections, let's return to the testimony.
Your Honor, this is obviously the defense's usual misdirection tactic at work. Steer the court towards an unrelated topic, and lull us all into his misguided...
If you are so sure, Wright, then I'm sure you can somehow substantiate your outrageous claim, correct!? Please, enlighten us as to why that guitar case has anything at all to do with this murder!
So, you intend to push your theory that the case was not empty!? Is that it, Wright!?
Deflate that head of yours! You haven't proven anything yet! Now then, let's have it. What was inside this case at the time of the murder!?
And why would something like that be inside a guitar case, let alone this one?
I have a suggestion. Why don't you put that in the void where your brain is supposed to be!
Do you still think you can prove your theory? Can you prove that the guitar case was not empty at the time of the murder?
Wh-What!?
Wright! Are you saying that the witness opened the guitar case to take out a costume!? What insane point would there be to doing something like that!?
I-I refuse to accept your theory! Do you have anything to support such a preposterous idea!?
W-Wait one second, Your Honor! The Nickel Samurai's costume would have been Mr. Matt Engarde's! Why would something of the defendant's be in the victim's room!? And inside the guitar case, of all places!?
Maybe YOU should be stripped naked and run out for making a mockery of this court!
Mr. Matt Engarde did not take his costume off after the award ceremony! He even testified that he took a nap while still wearing his costume! Is this not correct!?
What...?
It would mean that the victim himself had planned to bring this spare to the ceremony!
Wh-What are you mumbling to yourself about now!? Have you just been rambling all this time without any sense of inner monologue!?
I heard about this as well. For once, you're not making something up, Wright.
The Nickel Samurai was going to "confess" something. And by "confess", I'd wager he was going to reveal something about "himself".
But, if that's the case... that's not a "confession"! That's "public disclosure"!
The person on trial right now is Mr. Engarde, Wright. What the witness was thinking, helping the victim with his plan, is none of our concern. In any case, this means that the defendant had a motive to kill.
Who's to say she really "stabbed the guy in the back" as you put it?
This isn't the "Phoenix Wright Wax Philosophical Power Hour". And please, stop slandering the witness.
After the knife was stabbed into the victim...
What is the meaning of this, Wright!? So what if the button was torn off the body after the victim had already died? What does that change!?
What "purpose"...?
Wright... I'll give this button to you as a memento.
A reminder to never set foot in another court of law again for as long as you live!
Yes, we heard you the first time! And which blasted piece of evidence was the person trying to destroy, Wright!?
Wright. Which of these four doesn't belong here? Up, down, left, Wright.
Thank you, I feel much better. I'm relieved to know you can at least pick that much out. I worry about you. You seem to fail every time you try to make logical sense!
But Ms. Andrews' fingerprints were nowhere to be found on the guitar case! And it was you who proved that she was not wearing gloves at the time!
Heh heh heh. What's wrong, Wright? Are you finished already? Run out of evidence?
I'm sure you realize this as well, Your Honor... But, everything the good lawyer here has proven up to this point is meaningless.
Everything you have proven is circumstantial.
Yes, circumstantial. You have yet to provide a single piece of definitive proof. Proof that Ms. Andrews, did in fact, harbor a wish to murder Mr. Corrida!
What are you sweating for...? Your client is getting one more day to live, isn't he?
...?
It is not impossible for this trial to continue.
It's true Ms. Andrews holds the right against self-incrimination; however, if the topic of conversation were something unrelated to whatever she may be guilty of, then she has no right to withhold testimony!
Actually, there is one little thing that I'm curious about. Ms. Andrews.
When you found the victim's dead body, you poured yourself a glass of juice.
I can't help but think how unnatural that is. Usually when one finds a body, they are shaken up, not stirring a glass of juice.
Before you speak, I want to state that if you have a reason behind your actions, I would like you to testify to that effect.
Your Honor! I would like to request that the witness testify again as to what happened when she first discovered the victim's body! Whatever we find out in this testimony should in no way implicate the witness.
In other words, Wright, "Be quiet and listen."
I understand your frustrations at not being able to prove your theory. However... Before you go accusing people of crimes, go find yourself some evidence!
And then, what did you see next, witness?
And that's when you went to pour the glass of juice?
And knocked the flower vase over. So that's what happened.
Your Honor. The prosecution feels that it would be premature to pass down a verdict at this time.
The reason is quite simple. This witness has yet to speak the absolute real truth.
Witness... Don't you understand yet?
I don't know who planted this silly idea in your head, but as long as you "protect" yourself through your silence, Matt Engarde will go free. And in his place... YOU will become the guilty party!
What...?
Wright! I suggest you think very carefully about this! Think about what this witness did, and what she did NOT do! And think about who is the real mastermind behind this crime!
Come now! What will you do!? What kind of man are you, Mr. Phoenix Wright!?
I'm disappointed in you, Wright! What have you learned in this past year!?
... Such a shame...
I had hoped things wouldn't come to this, however...
Ms. Andrews. Since you absolutely refuse to testify... It falls on my shoulders to disclose this to the court.
This witness... How should I put this... She has an illness.
And because of this illness, she has tried to commit suicide in the past.
No matter how much you want to hide it, it's no use. I have the evidence right here.
What will you do now, witness? You know what I am about to do, don't you? I will now reveal to the court, the true nature of the pitiful woman known as Adrian Andrews!
If you're going to say you would "choose death", that is of no concern to me.
However, before you die... I will pull the truth from your breathing lips! ... No matter what I have to do.
So, will you tell the court yourself, or shall I!? Either is fine with me.
It might take this court a little while to understand, but... This is the truth.
So, Ms. Andrews stabbed the victim, Juan Corrida, in the chest with the knife. However, she didn't do it with murder in mind. She did it with the intent of framing Matt Engarde for the murder... And this! This is her "crime"!
So the forged pieces of evidence were the knife and the button...
So you thought to rip one of the buttons off and then plant it in Mr. Engarde's hakama.
You did this in preparation for the press conference, correct?
Wright.
It's pointless. At this point in time, it is not possible to indict Ms. Andrews on anything.
Understood, Your Honor. The prosecution will arrange for her detention immediately.
Witness... Would you mind if I asked you something?
Before you leave court today, I wondered if I might look at one thing. The card in your hand. It's had my interest for quite some time now. What exactly is it...?
That day...?
Witness! That card... Give it to me! Hurry!
Do you have any idea what you have stupidly, yet inadvertently done!? This... I can't believe you hid this from me all this time!
Director. Franziska... How is Franziska von Karma?
...You have my gratitude.
I see.
It was the only logical course of action given the bullet was still lodged in your shoulder. But with me doing so... I found myself having to clean up after you and that irresponsible deal you made.
...Ah, but she wouldn't testify about THAT until I said something. Listen, Wright. The courtroom is a garden of judgment. I am putting myself on the line when I stand in there. And that's why I made the witness do the same... It's only natural.
Witness! That card... Give it to me! Hurry! Do you have any idea what you have stupidly, yet inadvertently done!? This... I can't believe you hid this from me all this time!
... You mean this...? ... Listen, Wright. This is top secret information. You absolutely cannot leak this. A special investigation team has existed for a number of years, but few know of it.
Their task is to find the "owner" of this card... A man called Shelly de Killer. And just as his name states, he is a "killer", an assassin. The best, at that.
De Killer is the name of a long standing line of assassins.
The name first appeared about 100 years ago, I hear. Shelly is the professional name of the third heir to the De Killer name.
He has a habit of making sure to leave a card by the body of his victims.
We think it is a part of his duty to his clients.
If he leaves a card, then his clients can be assured it was he who killed the victim. It also serves as insurance against any charges being pushed onto his clients.
De Killer values the trust between his clients and himself above all else. It seems that this is one honorable assassin with a moral conscience.
It would appear that way. The discovery of the card basically confirms it, wouldn't you agree?
...I've been put in charge of this case. So I can't give you any help with reagards to clues or evidence.
...And that is why he was fired.
I noticed something at the trial today. You were behaving in a very strange manner. ...Is something the matter?
K-Kidnapped? What does the kidnapper want!?
... I see. I had no idea. ... I will prepare a rescue team as soon as possible, and resolve this by tomorrow.
... Wright. Listen, you need to know something. Juan Corrida was killed by Shelly de Killer. And the client who ordered the job... is Matt Engarde... Your own client.
...I see. Well, if you want to continue your investigation, you will need this.
The hotel right now is restricted to police personnel only, as we are looking for any clues that might lead us to Shelly de Killer. If you take this with you to the hotel, I'm sure they will let you enter.
...In any case, I must attend to the preparations for Maya's rescue team. We'll meet again, if anything should happen. Now if you'll excuse me...
You'll have to excuse me. I heard your conversation just now.
A rescue team has been created and deployed. I can't say I'm optimistic... but we have to move forward, one step at a time.
Don't thank me yet. We still have to find her.
Hmm... So, there was a spy camera hidden inside this stuffed animal, huh? You are one lucky man, Wright.
Do you know this stuffed bear, little girl?
Hmph... Of course not. The maker of this bear is a very expensive, luxury brand from overseas. It's completely hand-made and there are very few that are exported here.
The camera and transmitter that scatterbrained detective took with him are dead ends. Things like those can be bought anywhere... However, this bear is different. By tracking how it got into this country, this bear can tell us who the buyer is.
Hmm... It's 9 PM. I think I can still make it in time.
I'll be taking this for now. I'm sure you have other things you have to do.
See you soon, Wright.
What?
... I have no interest in explaining myself to someone who cannot comprehend. But besides that, Wright. Until court reconvenes tomorrow, you should concern yourself with this question: "Who was the person that murdered Juan Corrida?"
Do you really still think it was Adrian Andrews?
... You still have a little time left... Find the truth, Wright. Everything begins with the truth.
If you feel angry, direct your anger at that unsophisticated lawyer.
The starting line of this case.
I don't care for the horrid atmosphere here. Let's return to the precinct.
Well, Wright? What are you going to do? If you plan on changing your defense...
That's right... He's holding Maya hostage...
... That's not something I can answer for you.
Wright... Only you can decide where to go from here. One year ago... At that time, I didn't truly understand what a "prosecutor" was. And that is why... I had to leave the Prosecutor's Office. I felt that I couldn't stand in a court of law until I knew what a prosecutor really was. And now, Wright... It's your turn.
What is this thing called a "lawyer"? What can you do as one? You must find the answer... And you must find it on your own.
It doesn't matter who, every person deserves a proper defense and a fair trial. Isn't that the basis of our judicial system?
...*sigh* Ironic that you of all people should say such a thing. Isn't that exactly how you have fought for your clients up until now?
... Wright. Would you get a hold of yourself? You have it all wrong.
We aren't some sort of heroes. We're only human, you and I. You want to "save someone"? That's something easier said than done, wouldn't you say?
You are a defense lawyer. You can't run away from that. You can only fight. That's all you can do.
... Franziska... She fights for herself. The only thing she fights for is her perfect win record. That's all.
... I see... Now I understand why you despise me so. However, you are mistaken.
Thanks to you, when you sealed off my path to a perfect win record... I began to realize the error of my ways. I realized that things such as a perfect record were meaningless.
The answer to that... is something you will find out on your own. I have faith you will see it before the verdict is read tomorrow. But if you can't, then you will be powerless to change the ending of this story.
Wright...
Y-You're Shelly de Killer!?
I... I don't know what to say...
Hm?
Huh? Oh, that... It sounded like a cat.
...! Alright. You hurry over as well, then!
We have this area completely surrounded. There is no way for him to escape. Assuming he's still in the area...
He and Engarde were working together all this time. I'm sure they had worked out a contingency plan ahead of time.
I don't particularly care for large fireplaces. They remind me of my youth.
Don't take this personally, but I really do not wish to remember anything from that time in my life.
It seems that Engarde was quite famous, even as a motorcycle racer.
It seems Engarde is no ordinary man.
That Engarde... This is probably where he conducted business with De Killer.
Shelly de Killer values his client relations more than anything else. So I'm sure he must meet with his clients in person to talk about any transactions.
It's Engarde's personal collection. I'd say it's a hobby of his to collect prop masks of shows related to his own.
He's the defendant in this case. Of course I would know about him.
Leave that to us. I'm sure the investigation team is already doing its job in there.
Wright, look down. There's a little pet door installed here.
Umph! This door... It's locked!
From the looks of this room, I would say this is Engarde's private lounge. ...Look at this, Wright!
... I'm sorry, but... The tape deck is empty. There's no tape to be found.
But there's no mistake that someone used this to record something. It looks like someone took the tape we're looking for, and escaped with it...
I'm sorry. It looks like he slipped out of our grasp this time.
Don't give up yet. That little girl is looking to you to be her pillar.
We're close, I can tell. We've already set up checkpoints along every route leading out of this district. Leave the rest to us.
Wright!
What's wrong? Why the blank stare?
We've searched the house, and this is the last room. It looks like he eluded us.
Yes?
And what is that?
I think I know what you're thinking. I'll contact the detention center.
The prosecution has been ready for a while, Your Honor.
Adrian Andrews. She forged evidence that threw suspicion onto Mr. Engarde, and then proceeded to escape the crime scene by wearing a Nickel Samurai costume. The guilt of these actions are those from which she cannot escape.
I'm not finished, Your Honor. Ms. Andrews has nothing to do with committing the actual murder.
I would like to direct the court's attention to this card.
This is the calling card of a certain assassin.
Yes, Juan Corrida was killed by a professional assassin! And the person who hired the assassin, his client so to speak, is Matt Engarde!
I would think it's become commonplace by now, Your Honor.
The prosecution calls the defendant's "mentor", Mr. Will Powers to the stand.
Now then, witness. Your name and occupation, please.
And what is your relation to the defendant?
On the night of the murder, you visited the defendant's room. Is this correct?
All you need to do is answer what you're asked. Now then, I would like you to please testify about when you went to Mr. Engarde's room.
If one assumes that the person Mr. Engarde was speaking with was an ordinary bellboy...
Well, Mr. Wright. Let's have your cross-examination, shall we?
...Witness. I will personally talk to the defense at a later time. So for now, please kindly cooperate and continue with your testimony.
And? What was the defendant doing, standing in front of his own room?
Yes, Your Honor?
Perhaps we should let the witness tell us.
Would you please clarify for the court, about how much would you say the defendant gave to the bellboy?
A very fat roll of cash... That can hardly be called a "tip", Your Honor!
Are you saying that all superstars are super-spenders!? If I could receive large rolls of cash by simply bringing people things on trays... Then why on Earth would I stand around here prosecuting!?
Payment, Your Honor.
Isn't it obvious? For the murder of Mr. Juan Corrida.
Yes, he was the assassin.
Have I ever been unprepared to support my claims, Your Honor? I have here, the card Shelly de Killer left at the scene of the crime.
He is the person the police's special investigations team has been chasing for ages. I am certain that the person the witness saw was this very assassin, Shelly de Killer!
Thank you very much. That is all we need for now.
Let us first establish that the bellboy was truly Mr. de Killer. Then we shall see.
That would be correct, Your Honor. Well, Mr. Wright. I believe it's your turn... to entertain and make us laugh.
So which room did the bellboy come out of?
Hmph. Let's continue with the testimony, shall we?
Wright, Wright, Wright. Why the insipid grin?
Hmph. There's no need to say anything when the defense gives up without a fight. Let's move on.
If you two are done being schoolchildren... Bellboys are for room service. There is no reason for them to be empty-handed, ever. Your Honor! I ask that the witness' previous statement be supplanted with this new one.
...Yes?
Heh heh heh. I'm terribly sorry...
Witness. Isn't there one more thing you would like to share with us?
The bellboy was empty-handed... Or should I say empty-"hand"ed? I recall you had something interesting to say about his hands...
It seems that we have finally come to an understanding... Now then, witness. Please continue with the rest of your testimony.
Please, does it really matter if he was doing it over or underhandedly? What did the bellboy do next? That's all I care to know.
And then? What did the bellboy do after that?
This is an incredibly crucial piece of information. Please, try to remember what it was.
In the meantime, let's talk of another point. Namely, what the bellboy did next.
I would like to summarize the testimony up to this point, if you don't mind. When the bellboy left the crime scene, he immediately went to the defendant's room. There, he handed a small item of some sort to the person inside. As for the person who received the item, all you could see was the person's arm...
Of course, Your Honor. I think this is of the utmost importance. This is when whatever was removed from the crime scene was handed over to the client!
What was the point of that pregnant pause!?
Hmm, I recall we found this at Matt Engarde's mansion...
It's simple, Your Honor. Shelly de Killer assassinated Juan Corrida in his room. And then he stole this wooden bear from the scene of the crime.
It goes without saying, Your Honor. Mr. Matt Engarde is De Killer's client!
What are you trying to pull!?
Your inanity stupefies me, Mr. Wright. We have already clarified all questionable points during the cross-examination just now!
Wasting time like this, calling the testimony questionable... I'd say it's your head that's questionable here!
Questionable indeed.
...?
Are you sure of that, Mr. Powers!?
So the person who took in this little bear was the Nickel Samurai. And, as we all know, Matt Engarde is the Nickel Samurai!
It's about time you were removed from this court, Mr. Wright.
You haven't gotten the best of me yet, Mr. Wright.
I remember it clear as day. I remember what you muttered to yourself at Engarde's mansion.
We have this area completely surrounded. There is no way for him to escape.
De Killer and Engarde were working together, so to speak.
The bear figurine was brought back to Engarde Mansion by De Killer himself. When it looked like he was about to be arrested, Engarde had him do so. I assume because it would've been bad had the police found it during their investigation.
Well, Mr. Wright? You've been quiet for a while now...
Thank you, Your Honor, for your understanding. You see, Mr. Wright? You could not win against the truth, could you?
Tsk, tsk. Is this all you have?
You've let me down, Mr. Wright.
I know you are aware of the truth. And you are free to turn your eyes from it... But at least try to make some sense while you are doing so.
... I can't even begin to count the flaws in the defense's logic. Besides which, there is no evidence to support it. However... I can't fully discount its possibility either.
Your Honor. ... For the benefit of the defense, I'm willing to play along with his "what if" game.
The prosecution is prepared to challenge the defense's theory.
Mr. Wright. Even you must have thought it strange and wondered, "Why would the criminal want this little wooden bear...?"
Absolutely. And I'm sure that once the court knows its significance, the true killer's identity will become crystal clear. Your Honor! The prosecution calls upon a witness who will clear all doubts against Ms. Andrews.
It's quite simple, Your Honor. Ms. Adrian Andrews herself.
Yes, Your Honor.
De Killer, the man who murdered the victim, handed this to his client. From this, one obvious question arises. "Why this particular item?" I believe the answer to that question will provide us with the name of the real criminal. Now then, the prosecution calls the defendant's manager, Adrian Andrews, to the stand!
Currently, the witness is accused of tampering and obstruction of justice.
However, you have been called to the witness stand today to ascertain... who exactly is guilty of murder.
Very good. Now, have you ever seen this bear before, Ms. Andrews?
That's right. It's only natural that the witness has. Ms. Andrews. Could you please enlighten the court to this bear's secrets?
So what do you find after you take the puzzle apart?
Witness, let's continue with your testimony.
Well, Mr. Wright? I think even you have come to realize...
That there is one very important fact we have uncovered, and that is this: This bear is actually a "jewelry box".
Now that we have agreed to this point, there is only one logical question that can come next. And that is this: What is inside this box?
That's right. That's what we are going to find out next. Witness.
You are the only one who can open this. Please...
I don't think we need to guess at what that is... Do we, Mr. Wright?
It's the suicide note.
The suicide note left by Juan Corrida's former manager, Celeste Inpax. Until now, no one knew of its whereabouts... But just as we suspected, it was hidden. Hidden by the victim, Juan Corrida himself. It seems Celeste Inpax had very beautiful handwriting. And she just as beautifully signed her own name on this document. This is most definitely the note she left right before she committed suicide!
Because it had already been taken by De Killer.
Now then, I believe it is only appropriate the contents of this note be made known.
I'm deeply sorry, but I can't allow you to persuade me to stop. Your Honor. If you could please read the contents of this note aloud.
There is one thing I would like to say here. The prosecution has no interest in slandering Mr. Engarde.
Our intention, Your Honor, is to establish a motive for murder. Isn't that correct, witness?
Matt Engarde values above all else, his "refreshing like a spring breeze" image. Which is why he had to stop this note from being made public... At any cost!
There is no margin for doubt here. Mr. de Killer's client's goal was to obtain this suicide note. And the only person who needed this note that badly is the defendant. Let's not forget that the bear with the note inside was found at the defendant's house!
I believe a show of appreciation is in order.
The defense seems to be in love with wishing more despair upon itself.
I would like to direct the court's attention to this.
It is a very small video camera, Your Honor. This type of camera is commonly used as a means of spying.
Matt Engarde and the victim both thought of the other as their biggest rival. They even went so far as to use this type of item to find each other's weaknesses!
The victim, Juan Corrida, was being spied on! His personal life was being watched by none other than Matt Engarde!
I see you are confused, Mr. Wright. You're probably thinking, "But I have the camera that was in the stuffed bear's eye..."
But this camera that I have is not that same one. Last night, I searched the victim's house on a hunch... Using this...
By the way, Mr. Wright. The defendant's fingerprints were found on this camera.
I think this is the end. It's fairly obvious that Mr. Engarde learned of the suicide note through this. He was watching the victim all along.
Hmph. That was about the weakest objection I've ever heard, Mr. Wright.
...?
So, you're telling me that I forgot something?
Yes, I do believe some special examination is needed... But I think the item that should be examined is the defense's grey matter.
Hmph. If you're going to speak, at least use your brain to make up something intelligible.
...!
Your Honor. The defense is indiscriminately accusing the witness again! There is no evidence linking the witness to the suicide note whatsoever!
What!?
Wright! If you're going to pronounce this suicide note a fake... Then show this court some evidence to support your theory!
Uuugn!
It is as the defense has stated! The handwriting has yet to be analyzed!
Imposs... That's impossible!
... Court is in session. ...*beep*...
I'm sorry, Your Honor. You were saying?
Please wait, Your Honor.
I humbly request another 30 minutes of Your Honor's time.
We can perform the necessary tests on this piece of evidence in that time!
I believe we can, Your Honor.
Thirty minutes. Please, Your Honor. That's all I am asking for.
Wright! Well!? What's going on with Maya's situation!?
Unnngh...
Report!
We don't have time! Just spit it out!
A few things...?
That's odd. Any items like that are usually sent to the crime lab first...
What!?
A-Alright... Just get here in one piece.
Hey! What's wrong!? Detective Gumshoe! Answer me!
It sounded like he had an accident. I'm guessing his cell phone broke as well.
But we have no idea where he is. His cell phone is broken, and he wasn't driving a patrol car, so no radio either. Also... If we don't get to those items before they do, the police will take possessions of them.
Well, if there is a way we can find out where he is, then we stand a chance...
What!? How!?
Why are you bringing up Franziska at a time like... Oh, I see! I'll try to get in contact with her. The chances are slim, but she's all we have...
Wright, we're not in the middle of a mock trial here!
I guess it's up to me. Alright, I will think of something on my end. Don't get your hopes up too high, but I'll try my best.
I see... Alright, I'll try to think of something on my end. Don't get your hopes up too high, but I'll try my best.
What is it?
Wright. It doesn't suit someone like you to cry useless tears. Whether you did your job well or not... That can only be seen after the verdict has been decided.
Yes, bailiff?
They're probably finished with the handwriting analysis. I have to go take this call. In the mean time, think hard about what it is you must do.
Y-Yes, Your Honor...
I... that is... It's nothing, Your Honor.
Y...Yes, Your Honor. Unfortunately... We have discovered that this suicide note is a forgery.
This... This note was not written by Ms. Inpax herself! It is a fake!
We would need more time to do a more detailed analysis, however... It appears that the handwriting matches that of the victim, Mr. Juan Corrida.
However! Your Honor. Even though this suicide note is indeed a fake, Mr. Engarde could not have known that, and so that facts remain unchanged! Acting under the assumption that it was real, he had plotted to possess it!
I believe that even more important than finding out if this note is real or not, is whether the attorney's badge pinned to that man's chest is real... That is the million dollar question!
...!
Aaack!
...!
Uungh!
But Your Honor! It's not as if Mr. Engarde monitored Mr. Corrida 24 hours a day! Perhaps the victim wrote the note in a place Mr. Engarde didn't know of!
Gnnngh!
Unnnngh... As I figured...
As I figured... It came down to this after all...
When I heard the results of the handwriting analysis, I thought this might happen. The question is... "What next?"
If the prosecution can't prove Mr. Engarde's motive through the evidence, then we must prove it from another angle.
Your Honor. The prosecution... would like to call a witness to the stand at this time...
However... this witness... This witness is a little... unusual...
This witness is one who is perfectly fit to answer once and for all the question of, "Who was it that hired Shelly de Killer to commit murder?"
It is... It's... um...
The man himself... Mr. Shelly de Killer.
Yes... Your Honor.
Well, yes, in a manner of speaking... I recognize that this is a very unusual circumstance, so I ask for your permission.
Very well then. The prosecution calls our witness to the stand!
Now then, witness. ...Um, your name... and your, uh... occupation, please.
Your Honor?
Actually, Your Honor, it was delivered to me just now... And it came with a condition. As long as we do not trace its source, Mr. de Killer will testify to this court.
Witness. Please present some sort of proof that you are in fact Shelly de Killer.
...Now then, witness. There is one thing I would like to confirm before we speak of anything else.
At the request of a client, you killed Mr. Juan Corrida. Is this correct?
Now that we have answered that, let's move on to the name of your client!
While he may appear to be our enemy, Your Honor, Mr. de Killer is only stating the truth. He is no hypocrite. He has always stood by this one belief.
You have made it crystal clear that you value trust over all else. I believe we are ready.
If you can't ask it, Mr. Wright, then I will. Witness! What is the name of your client who requested the murder of Mr. Juan Corrida!?
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
W-Witness!! That's not who you told me it was earlier!
Whaaaaaaaat!?!? Th-This can't be! On the phone earlier...
This... This is outrageous! I was deceived! This witness is telling a very serious lie!
Grk! Grr... Y-You... Shelly de Killer...!
...No...
Your Honor! The prosecution requests permission to further question the witness! Shelly de Killer is certainly lying under oath!
Wright...
Right away, Your Honor!
Before that, we would like to talk with you a little more.
Well... Actually, we would like to hear everything you know about this case. This is how things are... usually done.
Mr. de Killer. If you don't mind, please testify about your client in more detail.
Just a second, Your Honor!
We still have the cross-examination to do...
...Witness. Let's continue... Why did you disclose the name of your client? They are your client, are they not?
That goes without saying, Mr. de Killer.
That's odd...
Strangely enough... I had the same exact thought just now. Witness! How do you explain this strange phenomenon!?
I'm afraid you are mistaken. If Adrian Andrews really is your client, as you claim... Then your client should have had knowledge of Mr. Corrida's death. If not... Then that can only mean that Adrian Andrews was never your client at all!
Ah... Sorry.
Anyway! I am positive there was a contradiction in that testimony. The prosecution requests further testimony concerning when the request was taken!
Inside that figurine was a suicide note. Naturally, the victim brought it with him to his hotel room. He was planning to publicly disclose its contents at the press conference, after all.
Witness, please continue with your testimony.
And why is that?
Gnngh!
Witness, please continue with your testimony.
If that's the case... Witness, please include the statement just now in your testimony.
So I would like to check one last time. Are you sure your testimony is accurate?
Yes, Your Honor! That is exactly the point! That means Mr. de Killer's client could not have been Ms. Adrian Andrews!
I believe it has to do with her name, Your Honor.
Yes. Adrian Andrews is, without a doubt, a very androgynous name.
Unluckily for Mr. de Killer, the entire time he was on the stand, no one had stated Adrian Andrews' gender. And so, he simply picked the wrong gender to go with.
So does that mean you remember something different now?
Sadly for us, Your Honor, that is the nature of Wright and wrong.
*ahem* Anyway, so you took this job without having met your client, and...?
I'm sorry, but sadly, we are not nearly so generous here. If I could receive large rolls of cash by simply bringing people things on trays... Then why on Earth would I stand around here prosecuting!?
Whaaaat!?
I see where you're going...
So by the very fact that this suicide note was still inside the bear... Tells us that your "client" didn't know how to disassemble the puzzle!
It means, Your Honor, that it is impossible for Adrian Andrews to be the "client"!
Yes, Your Honor?
Well... We should...
U...Ungh! The prosecution... I...
The prosecution... rests.
The prosecution has no further questions, Your Honor.
Nnngh...
Wright...
Did you bring them? The final pieces... Do you have them?
Your Honor. It is our duty to examine every piece of evidence, down to the last. I request that Ms. von Karma be allowed to present these pieces of evidence!
That's the pistol that he used to shoot you, isn't it?
And what is that?
A button...?
It is, "Who is the client?"...
...!
That's impossible! To turn this situation around in one try...
Uh... Um... I... don't have anything to say to this...
Uh... Um... I think there is some merit... in showing this evidence to that witness.
Be quiet and listen... Your Honor.
Uh... Um... I... don't have anything to say to this...
Uh... Um... I... don't have anything to say to this...
I have one question for the witness.
You told us one thing numerous times during your testimony. You said that you detest traitors most of all.
But what if that traitor was your own client...? What would you do then!?
I see. That's all I wanted to know.
She always has you in her sights. Now! I do believe it's time to finally hand down a verdict!
But before that, I would like to make one final statement. Sometime in the near future, one very betrayed assassin may appear before you.
Needless to say, that man is very good at what he does. I'm sure you would understand what I mean, if you watch this video.
Now then, Your Honor! The verdict, if you please.
I have left Ms. von Karma in charge of his incarceration. I'm sure he's getting a full-course meal of whip leather right about now.
This witness... How should I put this... She has an illness.
If you're going to say you would "choose death", that is of no concern to me.
Wright!
I have good news. Maya is now safe in police custody!
Y-Yes... She's quite safe. She is on her way here as we speak in a patrol car.
Don't worry. She may in time. After all, I was like that myself, until a year ago...
For my own personal victories... and for guilty verdicts... I used every dirty trick in the book. And so my win record remained spotless. But... A man appeared and stood fast against that selfish me. I fought him in my usual manner, and tasted my first defeat. I felt like I had lost everything because of that. And then... It was my turn to sit in the defendant's chair. And I was saved... by that person I called my "enemy"... I couldn't forgive myself for all that had happened. So I left the
...But that was not what happened. After I left the Prosecutor's Office, I finally came to realize something. And it was in that moment of clarity that everything began to change.
We prosecutors use anything we can to attack the defendant. But every time we did so...
No matter how desperate the situation... instead of giving up like most people, that man would hold strong with his undying faith. And then, before I knew it... I began to trust in that man as well.
It doesn't matter how many underhanded tricks a person uses... The truth will always find a way to make itself known. The only thing we can do is to fight with the knowledge we hold and everything we have. Erasing the paradoxes one by one... It's never easy... We claw and scratch for every inch. But we will always eventually reach that one single truth. This I promise you.
Yes. That's the reason why prosecutors and defense lawyers exist. But I'm sure you knew that already, didn't you Wright?
That's why you couldn't forgive me; this man who went into hiding. Isn't that right? This man who only had his sights set on "victory", who ran away into the night...
This is... an electromagnetic receiver.
I'll return this to the precinct later. There's something else...
I'll never set foot in another courtroom again... I'm sure that's what she's saying by this action...
You should keep this, Wright.
Maya...
Um... I'm relieved you're alright.
Umm... Well, I suppose I'm a little different from who I was a year ago.
Uh, um... If you insist...
Umm... I'll keep that in mind.
He's right. If it wasn't for the three items you took... I think this trial would have had a very different ending.
...Hm?
This thing is picking something up.
That's odd. Even though you're standing right here... The tracking device seems to be in a different location.
... ...Well, it doesn't matter. I'm afraid it's about time for me to excuse myself. I still have some work to do.
I had fun tonight. Now, if you'll excuse me...
What?
...Hmph. If anyone should be saying thanks, it should be me, Wright.
What's this...?
... What's this...?
... I... see... Well, it's the thought that counts...
You don't need to thank me. I was only doing my job.
With this.
I heard you were planting things on a certain person. Things like tracking devices in his coat, for example.
Oh, that's right... Speaking of that man... He told me something very interesting.
It seems he put the last one in his coat pocket.
... What are you going to do now?
Are you running away?
Franziska...
... You may not be a genius like your father... But... You are a prosecutor. You have been and always will be.
Speaking of that... Wright gave me this to hold onto. (Wright... You knew something like this would happen, didn't you...?)
I'm going to say this again. We prosecutors do not fight for personal honor or pride. I hope you will think deeply... About what you should be striking down with that whip.
(Argh... Wright... You were supposed to give me the whip!)
I see...
I believe you can. Just like how Adrian Andrews did.
You were going to use her during the trial, right? But you... You were "dependant" on your father by using his tactics. Isn't that right?
Today, you chased after me, after I had left you behind all these years. And that's why we're standing here now, side by side.
But I have no intention of stopping. If you say you are going to quit your walk down the prosecutor's path... ... Then, this is where we part ways, Franziska von Karma.
