Miles Edgeworth... Your Honor.
At 20... Your Honor.
...Hmph.
Precisely.
Yes, Your Honor. It was five years ago. The defendant, Terry Fawles, was sentenced to death in this very court. His crimes were kidnapping, extortion... and murder. The girl he threw off the bridge was only 14 years old.
Correct. But in the end, what finally decided the case was... ...a certain witness's testimony.
The testimony of Detective Valerie Hawthorne; the person who confronted this criminal. She arrested Mr. Fawles at the scene and later testified against him. She said she witnessed Mr. Fawles throw his young victim into the river. For those who are not aware, Eagle River is well-known for its powerful current. Most bodies that fall in are never recovered...
Exactly. The victim. The same woman that was killed 2 days ago... Police Sergeant... Valerie Hawthorne.
Young people these days simply don't know how to respect their elders.
I call the detective who was in charge of the initial investigation of this case.
Witness... State your name and occupation.
Detective. Pull yourself together and try to be professional. Otherwise... I'll write you up on contempt so quick that something other than your heart will ache!
Your Honor. If you would listen to the testimony we have prepared, I'm sure you'll be convinced. The two of them most certainly did meet on the bridge that day...
...Naturally.
Hmph.
If you remember, 5 years ago, the defendant kidnapped a young girl. He was chased onto a bridge... And it was there that he killed his hostage. And the place where all of this occurred is, of course, Dusky Bridge.
Precisely.
The two of them arranged to meet at 4:30 PM. And it takes approximately 30 minutes to go from the bridge to the checkpoint.
............
*sigh* I see the defense is a little... lacking.
The scarf you are searching so desperately for... ...Is it this one, perchance?
On Dusky Bridge. I was there first, and decided to conduct my own investigation.
I made a decision to keep all pieces of evidence in my personal satchel. It's the safest place I know.
It's not exactly "white", as the caller requested... But as you can see, it's close enough, for what it was intended for.
Not surprising... It was drizzling on the mountain that day.
Now, if the attorney for the defense is finished embarrassing herself... ...I'd like to move on with the testimony. That IS alright with you, isn't it, Ms. Fey?
Very good. Now, if we're done with this mud-covered scarf business... ...the prosecution moves to establish conclusively, and with hard evidence that... ...Ms. Hawthorne and Mr. Fawles did indeed meet on that bridge that day. Further, we will show exactly what occurred there.
It is about a 40 feet drop from the bridge to the Eagle River down below.
Let's just say that it was a well-intentioned third party.
...The person in question is very delicate, Your Honor. Besides, as long as we have this photo, we see no reason to compel her to testify.
So, as you can see, Terry Fawles had both the motive and the opportunity. I think it's quite clear at this point what happened on that bridge.
For the time being, we're not relying on the witness's statements... That is all.
...The prosecution has other, more decisive evidence. Our case doesn't rest on the vague testimony of a female college student.
If you absolutely must hear her testimony, you'll have to give us a good reason why.
There are many unusual types of flora on that mountain, Ms. Fey. People in the area say it's because of the spirits that live there.
...
In any case... The point is that the area was quite damp. There was even some fog.
...
It seems to me that Ms. Fey could use a trunk herself.
One that she could hide all her bitter memories from this trial in, that is.
...!
...I do admit that the crime scene was quite wet that day. However! That doesn't mean that the top of the bridge itself was muddy! If Your Honor had fallen in the shower instead of on a muddy street... ...his glorious hockey beard, pride of the Legal League, would be wet, but not muddy!
Can you prove that the surface of the bridge was muddy that day?
...!
Is your little chat finished? Can we move on now?
Urrrnngh...! No... I can't be outwitted by this novice bimbo...!
I do admit that there appears to be a contradiction between... ...the condition of the victim's coat and her scarf. However! The real question is... why is there a contradiction?
For every contradiction, there exists an explanation. Let's look at what the explanation in this case may be, shall we?
Are you saying the people in the photo may not be the victim and the defendant?
So perhaps it was another prisoner and policewoman? I admit, people have their quirks. Perhaps they were part of a role-playing group?
*sigh* Objection.
Valerie Hawthorne was more than a simple meter maid; she was a sergeant. There's absolutely no chance that a mistake about her identity could be made.
... *sigh* You should brace yourself. ...For the brutal truth.
Your Honor, the prosecution has no intention of hiding the witness from the court. We are prepared to present our witness at any time.
Thank you, Your Honor. The prosecution summons... ...the woman who saw the events that day with her very own eyes.
...Witness. What is your name and occupation? ...
...*sigh* As I said before... This witness is very sensitive and delicate. I would ask the court to please exercise care when addressing her.
You were on the scene when the unfortunate event occurred, correct?
I believe the map would be of help here.
...Would you mind if we got back to the facts of the case, Your Honor?
...In any case, it's perfectly natural for you to have kept watching them. Especially dressed as they were...
...The photo we presented was the only one there was.
Unfortunately, that is the truth. ...I personally examined all of the photographs she took that day. All the other photos are of the witness herself, playing among the wild flowers.
Ms. Foster, perhaps then you could tell us about a different sort of photo. Photos of the incident that you "took" with your very own eyes.
...We were already moving before the call even came in. Thanks to the victim's note, we had already started our operation.
This was a large, powerful man with a knife. If it had been a quaggy woman like you, I'm sure she would have acted differently.
Just a moment, Your Honor.
Your Honor... Allow me to personally apologize for the confusion.
There's one major mistake in this diagram.
It's all because this diagram was made after the incident occurred. It's a very old bridge... We couldn't find any official blueprints of it.
I'm saying that even though this bridge is currently in disrepair... ...there's no evidence that can prove that the bridge was broken during the incident.
You can't actually tell the condition of the bridge from this photo... I apologize to the court for not being more clear when I presented the evidence.
Now then... Shall we go on with the trial? I'd like to establish, once and for all, what it was that the witness actually saw.
There's no need to worry. Just tell us what you saw.
Of course she didn't fall down on the bridge. If she had fallen down, this photo wouldn't make any sense. If that was the case, her coat would've been all muddy.
*sigh* No need to be so rude.
And then, what did the defendant do after that?
Her words match what we found at the scene. I don't see any problem...
Considering the size of the defendant, I don't think it would be difficult.
Well, the fact of the matter is that he DID! That kind of talk is just silly!
...
For those who are not aware, Eagle River is well-known for its powerful current. Most bodies that fall in are never recovered...
*sigh* How sad. Perhaps Ms. Fey would do well to try taking a dip in the river herself. After all, you claim to be such an expert in the ways of nature...
My point is that no matter how odd you may find the killer's method of body-disposal... ...the fact is that this is what the killer did. None of your arguments have anything to do with what the witness saw.
Surely you can't deny that the body was found in the trunk of the car.
Please, witness, go on with your testimony.
All you have to do is tell us only what you saw. Otherwise the mean lady might yell at you again.
And so that's when you called the police?
I think the witness is trying to say that the corpse could have been found at any time... Besides, the witness is merely reporting what she witnessed with her own eyes.
I admit that the diagram shows a large outcropping of rock. However... It isn't so tall that it would stop her from seeing the car!
Your Honor... Don't jump to any hasty conclusions. The fact that the escapee fled in a stolen car was reported on the news. After witnessing a murder, I'm sure you can appreciate that the witness was very upset. She must have heard about the stolen car and convinced herself that she saw it.
Ms. Fey, no one on the face of the planet is perfect.
I hope this has cleared up any doubts...
Then perhaps it would be faster if Ms. Fey explained herself.
Frankly, Your Honor, after hearing a pathetic response like that... I have to question whether or not such a pathetic lawyer should even exist...
Frankly, Your Honor, after hearing a pathetic response like that... I have to question whether or not such a pathetic lawyer should even exist...
...!
P-Preposterous! To even suggest that the witness put the body in there! If that were true... then how do you explain the photo that she took? The corpse could only have been put in the trunk when the incident occurred. And we already know that at the time, she was taking photographs!
...!
What are you trying to say then, Ms. Fey!? That when the crime occurred, Ms. Foster wasn't in the field as she claimed!?
You don't mind if I ask one teenie-weenie question, do you, Ms. Fey...?
If she put the body in the trunk at that time, as you suggest... ...that must mean that Valerie Hawthorne was already dead at that point, correct?
Please take a look at the top of Dusky Bridge. It certainly looks to me like the victim is still alive... Am I mistaken?
If Valerie Hawthorne was already dead, then... who is this? The mountain is famous for spirits, so maybe you think it was the ghost of the victim?
*sigh* Before pointing out where the witness was standing, Ms. Fey should do something herself. She should figure out where SHE stands, if you catch my drift!
How asinine! Of course Mr. Fawles met with the victim! The only person with the opportunity to have put the victim in the trunk... ...is the same man that killed her, Terry Fawles!
What!? I've never heard anything more ridiculous in my entire life! Then who exactly is the "victim" in this photo!?
But the defendant knew Valerie Hawthorne very well! After all, she was the woman whose testimony helped get him convicted!
You are just making this up as you go along! Where's your proof!?
...
She's collecting herself in the Lobby.
Understood.
I can understand a defense lawyer wanting to get her client off the hook... However! To try to pin the crime on an innocent student is...
My witness is not the person on trial here. She's an innocent bystander who witnessed a violent crime. ...That's all. What possible reason would a girl like this have for murdering a policewoman!
Precisely. Furthermore, she has no possible motive for committing murder.
It was a brutal civil war. She had to try to make her way back home alone...
Your Honor, this line of questioning is childish. What country she was in and how many languages she may speak are irrelevant here. What we're here to evaluate is whether this witness has any connection to this case.
Yes... I think we've established that point.
The prosecution objects to any questions that involve the witness's private life.
All that matters is that she is a material witness to a crime. The witness doesn't need to respond to questions that are clearly malicious in intent.
Unfortunately Ms. Fey, your last statement proves nothing.
The witness came to the police station once to identify the suspect. It's entirely possible that, at that time, an officer showed her this photo.
Yes, and that's precisely why he harbored such deep anger against her. So much anger that he forgot his own guilt...
Whether it's eating steak or committing murder, a person shouldn't deny their actions. I'm in complete agreement, Your Honor.
Quite right... That's why the victim was wearing a scarf as identification.
The prosecution has no objection... After all, the defendant is a killer and a mentally unbalanced one at that... That testimony only helps to further prove that point...
Whether it's eating steak or committing murder, a person shouldn't deny their actions. I'm in complete agreement, Your Honor.
Then you yourself might have been killed.
Well, it was foggy that day... And it was raining as well! It's not surprising that she mistook it for white!
White... Scarf...? AAAAAAH!!!
......
Well then. We have one mystery solved! The answer is simple. Ms. Fey's thinking is wrong. ...That's all there is to it.
Y-Your Honor... I certainly never gave anyone permission to do such a thing.
She knew... the contents of the note...? N-NOOOOOOOO!
......
Well then. We have one mystery solved! The answer is simple. Ms. Fey's thinking is wrong. ...That's all there is to it.
I'm quite sure this note wasn't leaked to the public!
*sigh*... Ms. Fey must be desperate if she's trying to bring the dead back to life.
Dahlia Hawthorne was the victim's deceased younger sister. She was killed in a crime 5 years ago.
Yes. She was kidnapped... And killed. By Terry Fawles!
What are you implying...?
She was declared legally dead 5 years ago! As far as the law is concerned, Dahlia Hawthorne is officially dead.
Even you couldn't...! Ms. Fey...! You're not saying...!
I didn't think it'd come to this. That's enough... You don't have to say anymore, witness.
Your Honor. I have an admission to make. I honestly never thought the defense would pursue the matter this far...
...Yes. The prosecutor's office isn't filled with fools, you know. Naturally, we conduct full background checks on all of our witnesses.
Let me introduce you to... ...the victim's younger sister, Ms. Dahlia Hawthorne.
We thought so as well... But... Well, as you can see...
That has nothing to do with the current case. She was merely an accidental witness to a crime...
...Really, Ms. Fey! Your strategy is clearly obvious. You're trying to pin your client's crime on an innocent witness in order to win... ...At any cost.
Please, let us take a moment to think. Five years ago, this girl was kidnapped and nearly killed.
But even worse than that... 5 years later... ...Dahlia Hawthorne lost something much more precious. Her big sister. Ms. Fey must be insane to even suggest that she murdered her.
I think we've heard enough empty threats from you, old man.
Because your protégé looks like she's sweating bullets!
*sigh*... The rashness of youth. How charming.
...What is this? Is this the defense's idea of a joke?
A terrific story, Ms. Fey! If you like fiction, that is. Enlighten the court, Ms. Fey. What was this secret that was so important? Where's your evidence!?
...The kidnapping left her emotionally scarred. With her sister's help, she left the Hawthorne family and started all over again. And we're to believe after all that, she murdered her sister? Preposterous!
He probably came up with the kidnapping plan during that time. The Hawthornes are in the jewelry trade and are quite wealthy, you see.
The defendant demanded that her sister, Valerie, make the exchange. Not as a detective, of course, but as an individual.
There's one thing a kidnapper wants to prevent, and that's police involvement. In a place like that, it would be easy to tell if he was being followed. With only one entrance to the mountain, he was ensuring his safety.
I advise the court to remember that the river is 18 feet deep and incredibly swift...
Meanwhile, legally, this witness has been deceased for 5 years.
Your Honor, this event occurred 5 years ago! Why, for all we know, the water level in the river may have been higher back then.
Ugggh!
Just a moment, Your Honor! It's true that the witness testified that the defendant pushed her into the river... However! She never stated that she fell from the back end of the bridge!
After being shot in the arm, it's plausible that Mr. Fawles panicked! Therefore, he could have unwittingly pushed her off the side of the bridge!
It seems Ms. Fey's assault has finally reached its conclusion.
Wh-What?
R-Ridiculous! What's so impossible about it!?
... It's a fatal error, alright. Unfortunately... The error is yours, not mine.
B-But let's remember the size and strength of the defendant! Wires like this wouldn't be a problem for him! He could have easily picked up a 14 year old girl and thrown her over!
Ugh...!
GWAAAAAAAHHH!
Indeed! What do you mean by such a ridiculous remark!?
Oh? Then what was it!? What was so important that she'd want to jump into the river!?
That isn't even worth a reply. Ms. Fey. I hold you personally responsible... ...for confusing the court and causing great emotional pain to the witness!
AAAAAHHH!! N... No... It-It can't be...!
Why that's... that's simply ridiculous!
Y-Your Honor! Five years ago, the witness was only 14 years old! Do you really think a 14 year old is capable of such a demonic plan!?
But she was a detective then! You're saying she participated in her sister's kidnapping!?
She was going to tell the whole truth... As she wrote in her note!
The defendant...!?
... Why not? The prosecution has no objection.
That's enough, Ms. Fey! His last statement was a fitting way to end the final testimony of the trial...
*sigh*... What else were you expecting him to do...?
No one lives there. There's a small shrine up on the mountain, but that's it...
And were you satisfied with that answer, witness?
Stop right there! What more needs to be said!?
Oh? I would love to hear your rationale on this, Ms. Fey...
B-But that's the victim at the end of the bridge!
Urk...!
N-NOOOOOOO!
N-No! Stop the trial! Your Honor! We need a recess!
