I trust you've been well, Wright.
A title is nothing more than a title. Don't we have more pressing issues to discuss?
The captor chose me as the prosecutor for the UR-1 case.
I gathered all the information I could in the short time that I had. I'll give you a run-down.
I'll start with a brief overview. The victim was the psychologist Dr. Metis Cykes.
Seven years ago, on the 7th of October, her body was found here in this very room. I have two crime photos and the police notes on them for you to see.
I also have the autopsy report for you.
The murder weapon was the victim's own katana found at the scene.
The body was found by a Space Center staff member and two police officers. The police were called in because of the sabotage threat on the HAT-1 launch.
A few hours after the body was discovered, a suspect was arrested. The suspect was Simon Blackquill, a young prosecutor.
Yes. A guilty verdict was declared in only one session. Not only did he plead guilty, but there was decisive evidence against him, too.
It must be nice to finally have your attorney's badge back.
No... I'm sorry I wasn't able to help you.
But now you can stand in court once again. And you can mow them down just like you used to.
Another young life lost to the hands of a cruel killer.
Hmph. That's up to the evidence, and the truth they reveal, Wright.
The law will deal with the hostage-taker. Remember, we must never stoop to threats or acts of violence ourselves. Even if people's lives are on the line.
The Hope capsule samples, brought back from some distant asteroid... Risking his own safety, the victim brought them with him from the launch pad.
Yes. All nations are itching to get their hands on such materials. Wright, this case may turn out to be more than just a murder case, you know.
Wright... Please stop presenting random evidence just to see how that person will react.
And what if it's evidence that person isn't privy to?
Hmph. You never change And I'm afraid I'll never understand your assortment of oddball clients either.
Mmm. To this day, his motive is still unknown. He insisted he did it, but he would never say why.
Right. And there's another aspect of the case that was never revealed to the public.
Wright! How on earth do you know about that?!
Well, I might as well tell you now. They really do suspect Blackquill of being a spy. They think he sabotaged the rocket and killed Dr. Cykes to steal the moon rock. But if you can prove that the HAT-2 bombing is the work of the same spy...
It's a possibility. That's why I intend to help you any way I can.
After Prosecutor Blackquill was found guilty, she repeatedly demanded a retrial as well.
Wright, take a look at this paper on Dr. Cykes and Ms. Blackquill's research.
Wh-What's that supposed to mean?
Yes, it was here then as well, with the victim's body lying on it.
Hmm... It appears to be a robot-assembly device.
Yes, it was here then as well, with the victim's body lying on it. Hmm... It appears to be a robot-assembly device.
As Ms. Blackquill was climbing down the side of the building, she saw the culprit inside.
Hmm... It's attached to what looks like an electric vehicle charging station...
I don't believe we need to bother with that, Pearl. It's not even completed yet.
They were building the Hope space probe here at the time. The murder occurred after the space probe had been removed from the room.
Yes. And you can see the stolen moon rock there, too.
Note that the same rock is absent from the crime scene photo.
I'm sure of it. Dr. Cykes was probably killed because she was a roadblock in their plan. Unfortunately, the government thinks Prosecutor Blackquill is the culprit...
We've heard enough of that, I believe.
That isn't a food processor, Pearls. That's the Hope capsule. It was scheduled to be loaded onto the Hope space probe that fateful day. The three people who came to collect the capsule discovered the body.
Oh, you mean this? It's a custom-made, shock-resistant bag. But how did you know?
Hmm... So he's looking into the case from seven years ago on his own, is he?
So what do you think, Wright? Any ideas?
Wright, I have a special request. ...I want you to clear one of my subordinates of suspicion.
That eight-year misunderstanding has been cleared up, and you must be eager to return. I'm sure you're familiar with the other case that ushered in the "dark age of the law"?
Very soon, a convict will stand as a prosecutor in court. I want you to keep an eye on him.
Wright... I'm sorry I dragged you into this... Because of the espionage aspect, I wasn't free to give you all the details...
When I became chief prosecutor, the court system had already lost the people's trust. It all began eight years ago. A lawyer was caught fabricating evidence... And a year after that, a prosecutor was found guilty of murder.
It was a downward spiral after that, an absolute nightmare. After those two cases, the mass media launched an all-out attack on the courts. Public opinion was tainted, and, before long, the legal world itself was sucked into it.
Hmph. The hostage-taker's disdain for the courts is a perfect example of the times.
Do you have any idea who the hostage-taker might be?
Simon Blackquill's older sister and the owner of this room... I agree with your conclusion. Perhaps she intended to force Ms. Cykes to confess...
The important thing is for you to solve UR-1 and prove Blackquill's innocence.
I'm counting on you, Wright, to set that prosecutor and those hostages free.
Of course. I'll do everything I can to help uncover the truth. As this isn't an official trial, I'm more at liberty to be a little unorthodox.
Hmph. Even if it will be an undocumented trial, it'll be good to face you in court again.
Hmph. This is no trial. It's nothing more than a ridiculous farce.
However, this ridiculous farce has a very important meaning for our legal system. Recall the case of the UR-Incident, in which a prosecutor was found guilty of murder. That case ushered in the odious "dark age of the law."
Precisely. The darkness will be dispelled and glory shall be restored to the court system.
I do indeed. A new suspect has emerged in the UR-1 case. For seven years, Simon Blackquill has refused to speak in order to cover for someone else.
I'm sorry, Wright, but the situation is what it is, and I must do what I must. The prosecution moves to indict Athena Cykes on the count of murder in the first degree!
Regardless the circumstance, I intend to question the defendant with all I have. For that is a part of my creed.
Tsk tsk. The prosecution is also ready.
It's my duty to clear Prosecutor Blackquill of false accusations and end this insanity.
Hmph... No need for the "Chief Prosecutor" bit, Your Honor. I am here as a simple prosecutor.
In all the trials I have ever seen, only the prosecution gives an opening statement...
Let's start with a brief overview of the UR-Incident. The incident occurred at the Cosmos Space Center seven years ago, on October 7th. The victim, psychologist Metis Cykes, was killed in the robotics lab on the fourth floor.
Simon Blackquill, a young prosecutor at the time, was found guilty of the crime. There were two deciding factors that led to his guilty verdict: One: Blackquill was the only person in the corridor to the lab at the time of the murder. And two: this photo, which captured the moment of the crime.
Or perhaps we should heed her wishes, Your Honor. She is the trial's sponsor, after all. Besides, the courtroom is chilly, and sitting for too long can't be good for your back.
The prosecution calls its first witness. A witness... who decided to bring forth new testimony after seven long years!
Believing her brother innocent, Ms. Blackquill has been conducting her own investigation. And though her current actions are hardly lawful, I think we can at least hear her theory.
She was found on the fifth floor of the Space Center, in the Cykes family residence. Prosecutor Blackquill most likely brought her there after the incident. In addition, it's unknown where Ms. Cykes was at the estimated time of death.
...That is what the evidence is saying, yes.
...Hmph. Of course, the girl had a very strong motive.
The ability to read emotions from speech, and the subject of her mother's research.
Dr. Cykes was so intent on her research, she forced her daughter to undergo experiments.
I've done my best to be delicate, but even you can't deny it to be true, Mr. Wright. No longer able to withstand the anguish of the experiments... ...Ms. Cykes felt her only choice was to kill her own mother!
And that is what I believe as well. Prosecutor Blackquill is no murderer, Mr. Wright.
So it appears neither of us can afford to go easy on the other. Fine. I expected no less.
No, Ms. Blackquill has proper grounds for her claims.
You're the one who screamed "Hold it!" and cut me off!
Yes, that's the one. And Ms. Blackquill has drawn a conclusion from these two photos.
You're the one with her notes!
Hmph. Have you forgotten that we saw just such a thing only the other day? At your own daughter's magic show, she fit a grown person into a small box.
There were three cases at the scene, but Prosecutor Blackquill used the largest one. The moon rock was egg-shaped and only about eight inches in diameter. It wouldn't have made any sense to use the largest case there just to move that rock.
Hmph. Then let me ask you this... Can you come up with a better theory of what was in the case?
...I'm afraid I never heard mention of that being removed from the crime scene...
Tell me you have something more substantial than that, Wright!
We can't be certain that part belonged to a robot. Yes, it looks like the arm of the one before us, but it could be something else entirely. Besides, it's wrapped entirely in bandaging, making it difficult to verify what it is.
It's perfectly conclusive... of your utter incompetence.
I concede that the robot is about the same size as a child. But it cannot grab its knees and curl itself up into a ball. Even if it was the largest of the cases, the robot couldn't have possibly fit in there!
...Hmm. Interesting theory. Why don't we conduct an experiment, then? Detective Fulbright, could you please bring us a storage bag and a vacuum cleaner? Let's try to compact Mr. Wright here, and see if we can't fit him in the rubbish bin.
Hmm... It appears to be a robot-assembly device.
Except that there was a body on the table where robots are dismantled and assembled. There would have been no room to take the robot apart.
Well played, Mr. Wright. You've made your point abundantly clear. I concede that it wasn't the defendant inside the rolling case, but the robot.
No, Your Honor. My claim hasn't changed.
The notion that the case was used to carry Ms. Cykes was Ms. Blackquill's theory. I have been of a different opinion from the outset. Now I finally have the opportunity to voice my theory... ...thanks to the defense.
Simple. The footage only shows Prosecutor Blackquill from behind. What's more... ...he's holding his arm in front of his body, as if he were holding something, or someone...
I have proof: the surcoat Prosecutor Blackquill was wearing. The victim's blood was found on the front of it and the stain had a highly distinctive shape.
Seven years ago, the defendant was known to constantly wear a certain item... ...of which there is only one in the world: a special pair of headphones made just for her.
Analysis showed the bloodstain to be in the exact same shape as these headphones. In other words, this was no mere blood splatter. The blood went from the victim's body... to the headphones... and then... ...was imprinted onto Prosecutor Blackquill's coat like a stamp.
Blackquill carried Ms. Cykes, who had been hit by splatter, away from the crime scene. This proves that Athena Cykes was, without question, present at the crime scene. And that... concludes the prosecution's argument.
I hoep you're not making the ridiculous claim that a simple robot was the real murderer?
Hmph. Mr. Wright has called all manner of witnesses to the stand over the years. So why not a robot? Nothing surprises me anymore with him.
Witness, please state your name and occupation.
Yes, I realize that. But when you are at the witness stand, you are the "witness."
What an utterly inflexible little robot!
All right, Ponco... I'm going to ask you some questions.
I want to know if you were there at the scene of the murder of Metis Cykes. It was seven years ago, on the 7th of October around 2 PM, in the robotics lab.
It would seem this robot's testimony is necessary to this case after all.
I disagree. This testimony shows that the defendant did indeed commit the crime.
At the end of the day, we mustn't forget that this witness is still a machine. Being a robot, its understanding and capacity to express itself are limited.
The witness's statements need to be interpreted. For example, the terms "hugged," and then, later, "fell down." Adults don't usually fall down after being hugged by a child.
Yes. What this witness's statements are telling us is... ...that the defendant stabbed the victim with the murder weapon during this moment!
Before Ms. Cykes hugged Dr. Cykes, did the two of them converse?
"Spoke very loudly." We can interpret this to mean "they argued."
You may as well admit defeat now, Wright; a cross-examination would be useless.
Until now. Think about it! Robots don't lie. This robot is both an important witness and valuable evidence at the same time.
Hmph. I see you haven't changed. You never were one to worry about wasting time.
So that recharge occurred around 2 PM, around the time of the murder?
Hmph. If it listened to every voice, it would be little better than a mobile eavesdropper.
It's a shame that our little friend wasn't listening in, however. We could've learned what they were talking about just before Dr. Cykes was killed. Now then, what happened after that?
Mr. Wright, have you forgotten about this document we found in the robotics lab? These robots have a heartbeat detection system.
The robot is designed to go into sleep mode automatically, so it can't be helped... But it does appear it detected an increased heart rate at the moment of the stabbing.
The answer to that question is right here. According to the defense's theory, this photo shows when the robot was being taken apart.
Indeed. The bodies of these robots are designed to be controlled remotely... ...by a separate computer.
When the witness was taken apart, she lost the use of her body, but not her memories. That's how she is now still able to give testimony about the events of that day.
............ Is that really your final answer?
Wright, Wright, Wright, Wright, Wright... It's been eight years, but you're still just as green as ever.
If the defendant couldn't move the body herself, she could have it moved for her.
I agree. Since this robot is equipped with a heartbeat detection system... ...it would've been aware of another person's presence, if someone else had been there. We can therefore conclude that the defendant and the victim were the only ones present.
Don't you know it's in the nature of a robot to help people do things? Ms. Panko, allow me to ask you a question.
I believe you said you were cleaning after Dr. Cykes "fell down." Did you happen to move something large onto the operating table?
So it would appear that Ms. Panko here can't identify what it moved.
But we humans have the power to imagine what it was, do we not?
Hmph. Well, I do, at the very least. Ms. Panko, on the defendant's command, moved the body onto the operating table!
Give it up, Wright! If the victim's heart had stopped, the robot's detection system would be useless. Furthermore, Dr. Cykes usually wore her white coat while she was working. She kept the jacket with her ID tag on it draped over a chair in the robotics lab. ...and only wore it for special occasions. In other words, the victim wasn't wearing her ID tag at the time. From the robot's point of view, her body was simply just another object!
A face can easily be covered with a piece of cloth, a mask or anything else for that matter! With her facial features hidden, the robot wouldn't be able to tell it was Dr. Cykes!
To summarize, Ms. Cykes stabbed her mother near the workbench, then, using the robot... ...she moved the body to the table, where she removed the sword and was stained in blood.
...You want a reason? Very well.
Your emotions blind you to the truth. You could learn a lot from our robot friends. Calm and rational thought will open your eyes to the truth in front of you, Mr. Wright. Now then, do you remember the operating table's one special feature?
That's right. And to the defendant, who was just a child at the time... ...the table was like a magic box that could make robots appear or disappear in seconds.
This young, sheltered girl had a difficult time distinguishing robots from people.
Ms. Cykes made a childish, naïve, and cruel mistake. She thought that if a robot could be dismantled and vanish without a trace...
With all due respect, Your Honor, all I can do is present the truth as it stands. The reason the defendant moved the victim's body to the operating table...
...was to "dismantle" the evidence so that she could get away with her crime!
Horrible? Hmph. Like I said, you're just as green as ever. I came here today as a prosecutor to seek only the truth. No more, no less. My theory is simply the result of a rational consideration of every possibility.
Hmph. I suppose that could be another way of interpreting it. But dismantle or repair, it doesn't matter either way.
After murdering her mother, Ms. Cykes may have come to her senses. Perhaps she did want to make it appear as if it had never happened... ...and that's why she tried to "repair" her mother... Yes, that's one possible explanation.
But we mustn't forget the facts of this case. The victim was observed to fall down after being "hugged" by the defendant. And the body was moved per the defendant's command. These two facts -- facts that indicate the defendant's guilt -- remain unchanged!
Since becoming chief prosecutor, I've learned that the truth isn't always pretty. Now, accept the truth, Mr. Wright! Your subordinate murdered her own mother. Your Honor, the prosecution demands a verdict. The hostages have suffered enough.
...Prosecutor Blackquill, what are you talking about?
Then how do you explain the fact that the defendant had the robot move something?!
Prosecutor Blackquill! Are you trying, even now, to turn away from the truth?! Don't you realize we could bring the dark age of the law to a close today?!
Ngh!
Blackquill...! You selfish--!
Dr. Cykes was so intent on her research, she forced her daughter to undergo experiments.
As always, I'm afraid the only thing that is logically inconsistent here... ...is Mr. Wright himself.
As I said, Wright... The truth isn't always... pretty... Murder, disassembly on an operating table, a scientist using her daughter as a guinea pig... Sadly, it appears that my theory was correct after all.
So you took the blame yourself? You and your mentor are more alike than you know.
Do not disgrace yourself, Mr. Wright. The truth has been revealed. Or are you the type of man to turn your back to things that disagree with you?
...Hmph. It appears Ms. Cykes is much braver than you, Mr. Wright. What say you, Your Honor? In light of her courage, will the court give Ms. Cykes this opportunity to confess?
Prosecutor Blackquill will be cleared and the dark age of the law can come to an end. ...Yes. Admit your guilt, and bring everything to its conclusion.
I dare say, these are all memories that no one but the murderer would have.
I said that you never change, but could you have actually regressed in these eight years? I won't stand for your childish emotionalism getting in the way of the truth!
Hmph. The defendant must've simply confused a portion of her memories. She mentioned it was hazy to begin with, and we can't mull over every minor detail...
In that case, why don't YOU explain what this contradiction with her memories means?
...Hmph.
I shouldn't have to explain the implications of your own argument to you, Wright, but... ...all your claim suggests it that Ms. Cykes wiped the blood off herself after the fact.
I know that bluffing your way through things is your calling card... ...but your credibility phoned just now and told me to tell you to "put a sock in it."
What are you up to this time?
I can see you're floundering, Mr. Wright. Did you speak without thinking again, as always?
What did you say?
But, besides the katana, no other bladed weapon was found at the site. It was in the investigation report, if you didn't know...
Then here's something else you "already knew." There was a tool kit at the scene. But it didn't contain any blades. Here is a photo of its contents.
Therefore, there was no other bladed weapon in the room.
And what proof do you have of that?
You are the last person in the world who should be criticizing my aesthetic sense!
Hmph. Is that the theory your pitiful sense of aesthetics helped you come up with?
Show the court, then, if you would! What pattern or design would we see if we were to rearrange the tools?
............*sigh*
Nnnghhhoooh!!
............ Very well. Let's suppose for a minute that Ms. Cykes did use the utility knife. Tell me............ How does that change anything?
What if the katana was only being used as a decoy, to conceal the true murder weapon? What if the real weapon that took the victim's life was the utility knife?
I'm merely offereing a hypothetical situation derived from YOUR logic. Ms. Cykes could've put blood on the katana to make it look like the murder weapon... ...and then concealed the knife on her personage until Blackquill carried her away.
If, in fact, the murder weapon is a utility knife, then Fate has dealt you a cruel hand. For you have just proven the knife's existence to the rest of us with your own logic!
YOU'RE the one attempting to lead the court, Mr. Wright! By forcing us to forget the facts of this case. Need I remind you that there were only two people in the lab at the time of the murder? And that the defendant herself recalls stabbing someone with her own hands?
It matters not whether the murder weapon was a katana or a utility knife. As long as we know that the victim and the defendant were the only ones there... ...you cannot escape the fact that it was Athena Cykes who killed her own mother!
Hmph. Now you're finally starting to get it. Your contradictions keep vanishing because the charge is true. And the suspicion keeps coming back to the defendant because that's where it belongs. Phoenix Wright... When will you open your eyes and accept the truth?!
Wright!
Now that Mr. Wright has finally finished thinking, let us bring this to a swift end. Please give us your verdict, Your Honor, so that we can move on to hostage negotiations.
Hmph. Do you really expect us to swallow that, Mr. Wright? According to the robot's statements, there was no third person there. Did you really think I wouldn't see through your ludicrous grab for time?!
Hah! You make that pose all the time, regardless of the facts!
Of all the ridiculous theories... What good would a disguise like that do? Have you forgotten that the robot also has a heartbeat detection system? If there was a third person at the scene, the robot would have detected them!
What?!
...B-But that's... ...Im... Im... IMPOSSIBLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
Will it, now? Then reveal away, by all means.
No.
I don't see anything in the investigation report. It looks like they didn't check.
It's a nice theory, Mr. Wright, but I'm afraid that it's just not possible.
And that right there, is precisely the problem. The ID tag on the jacket at the scene confirms beyond doubt that it belonged to the victim. If the person who left the lab truly was wearing the victim's jacket... ...then how could it possibly have wound up back at the crime scene?!
I'm afraid she would have had to come back from the dead to accomplish that feat. Care to explain to the court exactly how she managed it?
I see. So you're saying Ms. Cykes is an accomplice then?
Except that it would have been impossible. The only people who came to the robotics lab after the killer were... ...Prosecutor Blackquill, and the people who reported the body. And they claimed that the jacket was there when they arrived. So! When do you propose this mysterious man of yours had the chance to return the jacket?!
But the security camera captured the man leaving with the jacket AFTER the murder. You realize you're contradicting yourself, don't you?
Mr. Wright, do you realize the implication of that argument?
............The body was discovered and reported by a group of three people. They were there to collect the space probe's capsule in preparation for the HAT-1 launch. One of those people had a special bag to transport the capsule in.
Correct. I suppose that if the jacket was in that bag... ...it could have been returned to the scene of the crime without anyone noticing. I'll see to it that you get the reports on those three people.
We should also check the facial recognition database for that robot. If this person felt the need to hide his face with the theater mask... ...it might mean that his facial data was once registered.
I have to admit, I believe Ms. Cykes's memories to be credible. ...You win, Wright... Not that this was ever an "official" trial anyway...
Hold on, Mr. Wright. Have you forgotten who's in charge of this trial?
Not you either, Your Honor. Now, silence.
The spy...
How in the world did you smuggle them into prison?!
"The phantom," indeed. A fitting name for the one who has brought darkness to our world.
Hmph. You'll hear no objections from me.
What is the meaning of this...?
Hmph............ The prosecution has no objections. Let's hear Mr. Justice's testimony. I'll have the police's investigation report brought immediately.
As you wish. Let's review the case of the murder of Mr. Clay Terran. It was made clear in the previous trial that Solomon Starbuck was not his killer. Therefore, the true culprit was someone else. On that day, this culprit waited for the astronauts in Boarding Lounge 1. When the two men made their escape out of the Space Museum... ...the killer attacked Mr. Terran with the same type of knife that was used seven years ago. The murderer then escaped into the Space Museum. Next, Director Yuri
Wasn't it YOU who proved in the previous trial that the way the true culprit escaped... ...was via the Space Museum after the pads had been switched? Hmph. A fact you previously proved, turned on its ear, leaving your client high and dry... I must say... That is vintage Phoenix Wright.
Under these circumstances, there can be no other suspect but the defendant.
Hmph. It seems your junior partner has just showed us what trials are truly all about.
We prosecutors painstakingly question every detail in pursuit of the defendant.
Precisely. And when the battle is over, we will understand the true meaning of trust. That is exactly what trials are about, wouldn't you agree?
It appears that all you're trying to establish is Ms. Cykes's guilt. If the culprit used that route, the only exit would have been into Boarding Lounge 2. The logical conclusion of your argument is that the killer is none other than the defendant!
So the leaves us with no other conclusion to draw but that Athena Cykes was the culprit.
Hmph. Judging by the intense look in your eyes, I take it you're serious. Very well, then, Mr. Wright. Do tell. Where could the culprit have gone from the Museum corridor besides Boarding Lounge 2?
I see... So you're saying that the Space Museum corridor... ...leads to a spot somewhere in your head? What must it be like, being Phoenix Wright?
After all, this "alternative escape route" seems to exist only in your mind.
Perhaps we'd better shut the security door on that corridor tightly... ...so that your ridiculous delusions don't seep out onto us.
Fine. Just don't exhaust all of your mental capacities while you're at it.
You're
And what item was it, exactly, Mr. Wright?!
Hmph. Why don't you demonstrate how it could've been done with that, Mr. Wright.
You're saying that the culprit used that to escape, are you not? Then why don't you show us and use that item yourself to leap to a third-floor wall!
Why don't you try one more time?
An emergency ladder...?!
Making things up on the fly in an attempt to sway the court again, are we, Mr. Wright? Your theory has so many holes, it puts Swiss cheese to shame!
I have here detailed information about the Space Center. According to this... ...the distance between the Museum Corridor and the main building during movement is... ...a full twenty feet.
In addition, the corridor is three floors from the ground, or roughly fifty feet. What's more, the culprit would be leaping to a precarious place............ an unstable ladder.
Human beings feel fear in dangerous situations. It's a basic survival instinct. An ordinary person would certainly hesitate before jumping... ...or even freeze in fear and not jump at all.
Nevertheless, why would they have taken that kind of risk? They could have waited for the switch to be complete and escaped to Boarding Lounge 2.
In that case, the culprit could have hidden in the museum until things settled down... ...and then blended in with the other people after the museum was opened.
But you claim that, despite all this, the culprit took a twenty-foot death-defying leap? And all in the brief moment that the corridor and ladder passed by each other?
They would have needed a running start while the corridor was moving to make that jump. If their timing was off or if they couldn't jump far enough, it would have been instant death. What kind of person would attempt something like that?!
This "true culprit" of yours is nothing but a figment of your imagination!
Oh, can you now?
Hmph. Clearly not.
............W-Wright...! You can't be serious?!
The phantom... again...?!
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA--
Wright, this escape route must've been a part of the phantom's plan from the start. As was tricking Director Cosmos into switching the launch pads. The bomb on the second floor was meant to make the elevators and stairs unusable. That's why he gave advance warning and planted the bombs where he did.
Did you figure it out, Wright? Do you know who the phantom is?!
Your Honor, please don't be fooled by Mr. Wright here. He picked that person without putting any thought into it at all.
What?! Are you saying...?!
Verily! It was all a part of his plan to create an escape route!
Grr... I don't believe it... That addlepated detective did all that...?!
For him to have wormed his way into the police department as well... Nnrgh!
Anyway, I have some very good news. Aura Blackquill has surrendered and the hostages have been set free.
............Ms. Blackquill said she had something she really needed to do. So I granted her special permission to do what she must.
............Ms. Blackquill, I want to apologize to you. The fact that you couldn't trust the court system is our fault.
Yes...?
...Hmph. That was my plan all along. After all... ...it's highly unconventional for a man of my position to stand in court.
The formal paperwork has yet to be filed, but you are hereby conditionally released. Please take the prosecutor's bench in your official capacity... ...and uncover the truth by your own hand.
It's almost time for the trial to restart, though it looks like you have things well in hand.
I should head back to the Prosecutor's Office.
I want to look into a few things. Namely... ...the first people on the scene seven years ago, the facial data registered by the robot... ...and Detective Fulbright's background.
I expect to be repaid with a victory, Wright. Now, if you'll excuse me.
............It looks like I made it just in time.
I have good news for you, Mr. Wright. I've uncovered some very crucial facts.
You might say that. I started by looking into the first people on the scene seven years ago. All three, an employee and two officers, were registered in the robots' recognition systems. But none of them looked the least bit like Detective Fulbright.
But there's more. I've yet to share my most important finding. ............Mr. Wright. Prosecutor Blackquill. You'd best brace yourselves.
The man you see there before you... Bobby Fulbright............ is already long dead.
An unidentified body that was found a year ago... ...has now been proven to possess Bobby Fulbright's fingerprints.
Yes. That man there is an impostor pretending to be Bobby Fulbright.
Yes. And you can see the stolen moon rock there, too.
Wright, I fear I owe you yet another debt of gratitude.
We never would have caught him if it weren't for all of you.
Yes, well... We knew the phantom was somewhere nearby. The police and I were trying to find him, but we never did manage to do so until this trial.
............So you figured it out, did you?
Well, I owed you a few favors.
Even the darkest night turns to dawn eventually... Our sun will rise again. Besides... now that Prosecutor Blackquill has been cleared of all charges... ...a great deal of the mistrust towards the court system should've been swept away.
So I should smile more, huh? ............I'll think about it.
Hmph. As a boss, it's your duty to express gratitude to your people for their great work.
I look forward to your next month's salary assessment.
Blackquill's acquittal has brought all manner of ills in the Prosecutor's Office to light. It would seem solving that case has thawed the chill of Winter into the warmth of Spring. Now I owe Wright yet another debt of gratitude... But I will repay him one day. You can trust in that.
...No, I am not "aware," Mr. Wright, because there is nothing here I need to be aware of.
Mr. Wright, you have just proven to the court... ...that the only inconsistency here... ...is the fact that you have an attorney's badge at all!
As always, I'm afraid the only thing that is logically inconsistent here... ...is Mr. Wright himself.
