Even without me being here, it looks like you've learned to stand on your own.
Phoenix, you can't make that kind of face in front of your client.
A lawyer is someone who smiles no matter how bad it gets, and especially when it's bad.
You can't smile at the end if you haven't been smiling the whole way there. In any case, the face you're making now is no face to show a client, Phoenix.
So, tell me all about it. I'm going to guess that my sister is in a lot of trouble again...
...I see...
... It's pretty clear what a good lawyer does in this situation.
Believe in your convictions. And fight for the complete acquittal of your client.
I know she is. And I'll give you a hint as to why.
Mediums can't have dreams.
From what you told me, it sounds like Maya was having a dream while channeling.
But that is impossible. You've heard it from her, I'm sure. When a medium channels, her own spirit disappears. Which means that it's impossible for her to dream during that time.
I think it's safe to bet that Maya was set-up.
It's up to you to blow the lid on this case tomorrow and show how she was set-up.
If you're looking for a clue, it's already in your hands.
Just as it sounds, Phoenix, you already hold the "key".
Come on, show me the "key" to this case.
*chuckle* Wow, this badge brings back a lot of memories, doesn't it...? I would love to stand with you at the defense table one more time.
This is... Maya's Magatama, isn't it? Why do you have it...?
I see... ... This is something very important to me. Take good care of it, OK?
Ahh, the key... It's literally, the key to understanding everything that's happened in this case.
Phoenix, listen. Right now, that key is sitting in your hand. However, it shouldn't be. ... It contradicts the "facts".
I'm certain this key will be the piece of evidence that makes your case tomorrow.
I can't see Maya... when I'm in her body like this... But I can tell. She's very lonely and sad. Take good care of her, will you, Phoenix?
Pearly! She's really grown up... I left Kurain Village a long time ago. She probably doesn't remember a thing about me by now...
I'm afraid I might have caused Aunt Morgan a lot of stress. When I left Kurain, I left Maya in my aunt's care. And now something like this happens...
I've seen this man somewhere before... He had a strange name... and I'm almost sure I've questioned him before. I remember him making a show of confidence at first, but after five minutes, he breaks down and... ...you end up feeling bad for the poor guy...
That's right. I'm already dead. But I feel very grateful to have been born a Fey... so I can talk with you like this...
...Do you have anything more useful? There's no time left. Try to show me something that will help you in tomorrow's trial.
I'm sorry, but I don't remember who that is...
... ... You already know everything you need to know. You know what the "key" to this case is... That is enough...
...
What's wrong?
...You already hold the key... ...If you don't believe, you cannot win...
I guess I made it just in time, wouldn't you say?
Her clothes ARE a bit small... Anyway, what are you waiting for, Phoenix!? Let's go!
The advantage is still in your hand! Think carefully, one more time, about what you saw in the Channeling Chamber. Do you remember what you told me yesterday?
You see... There is one final piece of the puzzle.
Question Lotta one more time, Phoenix. I don't know if she's doing it subconsciously or on purpose, but... she's not testifying truthfully.
See, you got through to the judge somehow, right?
There must be something we can use in her testimony just now. We must find it! At all costs...
P-Phoenix!! Are you a lawyer or a school child?
...You're too soft.
You're softer than Aunt Morgan's strawberry desserts, Phoenix. Take a look at Prosecutor von Karma's face.
I wonder if she knows what she's doing...
Taking pictures of someone during a private visit is illegal. That picture can't be submitted as evidence.
It looks like we've been had.
Phoenix!
You can't give up! Please, for me? Take a look at the Court Record again and try to find some way out of this jam!
The judge is about to close the trial. You can't let that happen!
Phoenix! You have to think before you speak! You can't just blurt out any old thing.
Phoenix! You have to think before you speak! You can't just blurt out any old thing.
Don't celebrate yet.
Take a look at Ms. von Karma's face.
But you can't prove that. Franziska von Karma's idea of a "perfect case" is quite fascinating, don't you think?
The judge is confused by this strange twist of events. This is your chance, Phoenix! Load all you've got into this one shot, alright!?
Phoenix! Use your brain for a change!
Phoenix! What are you doing!? Try it one more time!
Come on! You can't fall apart here, Phoenix Wright!
Phoenix...?
Phoenix! You can't just give up like that!
Rethink things one more time! There has to be an explanation!
Phoenix, it's good to see you. I was really worried so I thought I'd see how you were doing.
There are certain risks you have to take in life, or in my case, death. Anyway, how are you doing? Have you found anything useful?
Everything will resolve itself by tomorrow, somehow.
There's still a whole slew of questions for you to answer before the trial tomorrow.
Yes. Also, when did the murderer enter the Channeling Chamber...? You guys were all standing around in front of the room after the channeling started.
That's what I think, in any case.
...That's true... But if we can't figure out the murderer's movements, we're stuck like a beached whale.
I thought I'd never see this day. Are you actually asking me about spirit channeling?
Well, that's only natural... After all, spirit channeling isn't exactly an everyday thing, is it?
The power to change your physical appearance into the person you're calling was something our ancestor, Mystic Ami Fey acquired.
The Fey family was originally a family known for its service to the gods. When Mystic Ami was born, she was given a certain fate through her name. Because, you see, she was named after one of the Buddhas of Buddhism, "Amitábha". To this day, her soul is still sealed in the Kurain Sacred Urn. It usually sits in the Winding Way, and has her name written on it.
Aww, come on, Phoenix. It's just a fairy-tale.
Come on, Phoenix. We don't have time to be looking at things like this. We need to find out everything we can for the trial tomorrow.
Well, it's about time I left.
We'll be in big trouble if the guard sees me here... Phoenix...
There is still a lot of dirt left in this case. Once you think you've gathered all the evidence, then come back.
You kept me waiting, Phoenix.
So, how are the preparations?
Everything will be on your shoulders tomorrow. Whether Maya is found guilty or innocent... It's a heavy weight to bear.
Sure. I welcome you to try.
Yes?
...!
Why... do you think so?
It looks like it's time for you to explain your reasoning.
I know. Now, show me your ability as a lawyer.
Phoenix... You think I'm hiding information about someone from you... Isn't that right?
Alright, then. Tell me who you think I'm protecting.
Phoenix. Don't let me down like this.
Maya's life is on the line! Concentrate harder!
So? Have you gathered your thoughts?
Well done, but... While the murder was being committed, my aunt was outside with everyone else. Which means she already has an alibi.
Show me some evidence that would cast suspicion onto my aunt.
...
...You're right.
...
Your argument is too flimsy.
When did the key find its way into the incinerator? It could have happened long after the murder happened.
Someone could have found the key somewhere and dumped it into the incinerator.
That prosecutor would use something this small to shred your case. Do you have something other than just the key to cast suspicion on Morgan?
Phoenix, we don't have any time left.
You can't pin my aunt as the murderer with one piece of evidence alone.
...
But this piece may not even be from Maya's costume.
But when Maya was arrested, she was wearing her costume.
Changed her clothes? But why...?
The one person who was taking care of Maya... My aunt.
...
You mean, it's from Maya's costume that she was wearing at the time of the murder?
But when Maya was arrested, she was wearing her costume.
Changed her clothes? But why...?
The one person who was taking care of Maya... My aunt. ...
Your argument is too flimsy.
You have no proof that this piece of cloth is actually from Maya's costume.
And do you know whose blood that is at this point in time? You don't, do you? Do you have any proof that piece of cloth is from Maya's costume?
Phoenix, we don't have any time left.
You can't pin my aunt as the murderer with one piece of evidence alone.
...The key to the Channeling Chamber, huh?
...You're right.
It would certainly seem that way...
The one person who was taking care of Maya... My aunt.
No. You're wrong. Try again.
And I keep telling you... Don't take this lightly. Maya's life is on the line.
Now, I'm going to ask you one more time.
You did very well, Phoenix.
As long as you have those two pieces of evidence, you can cast suspicion on my aunt. However.
Like I said in the beginning, my aunt has an alibi.
Here's my final question. You don't have to present solid proof of this for me. But I want to know. If my aunt is the culprit, then how did she commit the murder?
I want to hear your thoughts. In order for my aunt to murder Dr. Grey, who or what did she need...?
...And you were so close too, Phoenix.
There is no way my aunt could have done it herself. So, thinking logically, where does that leave you? Should be easy for you to figure out...
Come on, Phoenix. Think.
Which means that my aunt and Ini Miney...
...Something's been bothering me all this time. This crime is something no normal person could carry out. The person would have to know a lot about Fey Manor and the village itself to do this.
Yes, which is why I can't figure out how it was done. We can assume that Ini Miney is involved somehow...
...A problem? With what?
Why would Morgan want to kill Dr. Grey? Why would she have to?
...
Hmm... Then, there is only one possibility...
Think about it, Phoenix. Why would my aunt do something like this? And why would she do it in such an underhanded fashion?
Mother... She is the one who holds the key to this.
Don't be silly. Mine, of course! Misty Fey.
Now then... Looks like we've gathered everything we could. All we have to do is win tomorrow! Everything will become apparent then.
All over the world, huh? Sounds like you've made quite a name for yourself, Phoenix.
Uh, huh... That's nice, Ms. von Karma.
...Just as I suspected. Aunt Morgan...
I think someone just upped the ante on this trial...
My aunt is a very smart and sly person. It's going to be hard for us to find a crack in her testimony...
Looks like she caught us napping. That's my aunt for you...
It means she has another witness up her sleeve. That's what. It looks like Ms. von Karma is ready to move on to her next witness.
I can't see a crack in her testimony...
For now, we should try and get more information out of her. After we get more information from her we may be able to use it later to our advantage.
I think you can see where this is headed...
Of course it was, Phoenix.
It's well constructed... but that's all it is. But even the most well-spun lies can be undone. We can do it, Phoenix. Let's find that one loose thread and unwind this tapestry of lies.
...
...That's impossible...
She really put a lot of thought into this lie, didn't she? We can't rush this. Let's take it slowly, one step at a time. She's bound to slip up somewhere. Don't give up. But don't get careless, OK? Remember, calm and collected.
Stealing MY lines now, are we, Phoenix?
That witness... Her personality did a complete 180 there.
...
Something you finally pull out of a witness is never a dead end, Phoenix.
Don't over-think this. All you need to do is remember what happened yesterday.
Don't over-think this. All you need to do is remember what happened yesterday.
Phoenix, the Judge believes this testimony. If you don't find some sort of hitch in her statement...
We have to give it another shot! It doesn't matter how many times we listen. We can't give up!
Wait! Phoenix!
You shouldn't let up on this line of questioning.
Who is the only person you didn't see with your own eyes at the time of the murder?
Which means, you can safely assume... She is the real murderer.
But it's the most obvious, isn't it? I mean, is there anyone else?
It's worth a shot, even if it's in the dark. So, let's try to prove that Ms. Miney was not in the Side Room at the time!
Wait!
I don't know what you plan on showing to the court, but I can guarantee you the answer is not there. Just this once, I'll lend you a hand. Now, rethink your answer.
Don't worry, you're on the right path, Phoenix. It might be a little hard for you to see the contradiction, but it's there. So, just this once, do you want me to help you out?
H-Hold on... First, calm down, Phoenix. ...Good. ...That girl... She slipped up with her words.
If she really was in the Side Room the entire time, then she just testified about something she shouldn't have any knowledge of.
The rest is for you to figure out on your own.
Ha ha, that's the spirit. Give it another try.
Now's your chance, Phoenix.
The only person who could have killed Dr. Grey was Ini Miney! So now is the time to prove it!
Phoenix! Did you turn the map upside down!?
There is no way she could've committed the crime from there!
Phoenix, you can't lose your cool like this! ...And, grow up.
Don't let them affect you! Just think about the correct answer.
...
If you look in the Court Record.
You got lucky, Phoenix! Now give it another shot!
It's alright, Phoenix.
It isn't possible for one person to commit this crime, but...
Really, Phoenix! You even got Ms. von Karma to give up on you too!
As in, "me too".
...But that's when something unexpected happened.
My eyesight is failing me...
Phoenix, think back! What kind of ax would Ini have to grind with Dr. Grey? ... There is only one reason, right?
Your Honor. Please, allow the defense one more minute.
You can't lose here. Have faith in yourself, Phoenix!
Yes, it does sound like a ridiculously messed up plan for a murder, but you know, regardless, that girl trained for this crime.
... Listen, Phoenix. Everything happens for a reason. There is a reason for why she had to kill Dr. Grey. And it is also the reason she had no choice but to kill him in this fashion.
That's right, Phoenix! Only you can do this now!
Right now, it's impossible to prove that Dr. Grey did in fact drug Ms. Miney's sister.
Phoenix.
You can't do this. You're being too easy on her.
Yes, so let's find that one crushing contradiction and end this!
Don't just stand there "hmm"-ing to yourself!
Ms. Miney! Why do you think you would not have been allowed to drive anyway?
Phoenix, try asking something of more significance, alright?
Hold on! Phoenix! You can't just ignore this!
That's not my point!
It's interesting, isn't it, Phoenix? Bit by bit, we're beginning to see the real "contradiction" behind this case.
There is something very big here. It's going to be hard to break apart such a natural-sounding testimony. But we have to attack it. And by doing so, a flaw will show itself. It has to.
Believe. There is a path, I know it.
Phoenix. It looks like you've finally found the real root of this murder!
Hold it, Phoenix! It looks like you still don't see the real truth behind the accident.
Think outside the box! Isn't that what we always say?
I was beginning to think he forgot too.
Big time. Listen. This is the grand finale. Don't hold back! Let it all out on this one!
Your Honor. I'm sure you can now see why Mimi had to kill Dr. Grey.
Just stop.
I feel embarrassed for you for even thinking of showing that piece of evidence. That woman... She had lost everything. So this was the only way to make things right, Phoenix.
Ph-Phoenix! Hang in there, Phoenix!! PHOENIX!!!
Congratulations, Maya.
It's good to see you, Maya... How are you doing?
No, you didn't. It was all just a dream... A really bad dream.
A familiar scent...?
That's right!
What's that?
I think Mimi Miney had planned to open the door to the Chamber herself. And then, you and Lotta would have witnessed quite a scene; a "possessed" Maya Fey, who had just committed a murder.
