It's been a long time, Dahlia Hawthorne...
...Yes.
Tell me something, Dahlia... I want you to think back to that night one more time. You had just cornered Maya in the Inner Temple's garden. And then... in the final moments of the fight, you lost consciousness.
Actually... Maya lost consciousness at the same time as you.
...When she woke up, she was in the Training Hall. That's when Maya decided she needed help... So she channeled me. She explained in a memo the situation she was in. She asked me what I thought she should do.
Of course, I didn't have all the details. But... One thing was perfectly clear.
I knew that you couldn't be allowed to wander free.
It was a race against time, so I wrote down two things that Maya had to do. Channel Dahlia Hawthorne as soon as possible... ...and lock herself in the Sacred Cavern until help arrived.
If she hadn't done it... ...Dahlia Hawthorne would've been channeled by someone else. By one Pearl Fey.
Yes. Pearl didn't properly understand the plan. So all she was trying to do was follow her mother, Morgan Fey's instructions. If she had succeeded in channeling Dahlia Hawthorne's spirit... ...things would have turned out very badly, to put it mildly.
Yes... Another failure to add to the pile of shame, wouldn't you say?
...... True.
But I think you finally understand, Dahlia Hawthorne. ...You will never defeat me.
Whether you're alive, dead, or somewhere in between, you will never defeat me. As long as I'm around, you're destined to lose for all of eternity!
...That's very true, Dahlia. And that's exactly the punishment you'll never be able to escape from.
For all of eternity, you'll have to remain as Dahlia Hawthorne. A miserable, pathetic, weak creature who can never win at anything... And for you, there is no escape from that. No hope of freedom. Since the day you were executed... ...the narrow bridge that once stretched out in front of you has burnt to a crisp!
This trial... It isn't over yet. ...That's what he means.
...Just as Dahlia Hawthorne was about to attack Maya... ...she was stabbed and "killed" by someone.
... Is it really alright... Mr. Prosecutor?
...Phoenix.
Physically, I'm not worried. She'll recover completely. But emotionally, she's been hurt very badly by this case.
...Yes. I went to the medical office and talked with her. I told her everything I knew.
Maya is stronger than you think... I knew she could take it... All of it.
I want you to figure that answer out by yourself. ...The trial is about to restart. The real killer... Do you know who it is yet?
...And one more thing. The victim was moved to the Hazakura Temple side by pendulum. In other words... the criminal couldn't cross the bridge. That means they were stuck on the Inner Temple side for almost an entire day.
... That's as much help as I can give you. The rest of the battle is yours to win... or lose.
It's my fault! It's all my fault that Mr. Fawles killed himself!
Of course justice was served.
...I'm proud of you, Phoenix. Your defense was... truly brilliant.
You're wrong, Phoenix. You did save Diego. You saved him in the only way possible.
... I think one day, you'll understand, too. Phoenix, I want you to remember one thing... You were as good out there today as any defense lawyer could ever hope to be. There's nothing more you can learn from me.
You've accomplished something I wasn't able to. I owe you a great deal. ...Thank you.
I'm sure we'll meet again... someday... Phoenix.
