Yeah? What is it?
Um, sure... You are a spirit medium, after all.
Um... I guess so, yeah.
(Pearls...?)
...Huh? I'm lost. What's this magazine you're shoving in my face?
...Oh. (Pearls looks so happy.)
I'll say. It sounds more like a scam to me.
(Now I definitely don't want to go...)
Reservations...? For a temple? Are you serious?
Th-That's nice. And the timing couldn't be better. ...Since we don't have a case right now anyway.
Huh...? M-ME!? Why do I have to go!?
Hey! I don't have anything to do with spirit power. The only thing I can channel is a TV. ... So, um, is there a heated pool at this "Hazakura Temple"?
... Sorry, but I think I'll pass. I hate cold places.
Nope. Not going. I'm gonna be nice and toasty at home....... .................What the...!?
Let me see that magazine! Th-This nun...
(Th-This girl... I-It's...!)
But... It can't be! (She was found guilty and should still be in prison...)
... I'll go.
Hazakura Temple... I said I'll go.
(Dahlia Hawthorne... I knew there was no way she could possibly be at that temple... But, I just had to be see for myself... ...who this "nun" really was.)
Maybe you should put on something warmer for a change!
(Her teeth are chattering so loudly, it's all I can do to make out what she's saying...)
What's with the past tense...? We're freezing into human popsicles as we spea--!
It sure is... It looks pretty well maintained, too. This thing kinda puts your hometown to shame, Maya.
Oh, I see... But now the place looks a bit run down...
...They gotta have a heater or something in there, don't you think? I don't wanna die.
Did you bring one for me?
(Brr! If the cold doesn't kill me, the ice queen over here will finish the job...)
Oh? So, which do you like better? That or the sound of money?
Wh-What are you apologizing for?
Most people call that a "snowmobile", you know.
Argh! I told you, it's "snowmobile"!
Um, do you think you could take a look at this?
I think she's trying to say that she's busy.
Y-Yeah, you're right... (Sure. Pin the hypothermia on the lawyer is great fun!)
...Pearls, you've been in an unusually good mood since we got here.
As for you, Maya, you look like you're about to catch a bad cold.
(Nngh... Is she going to make it...?)
I bet the writing on these sliding doors are instructions for spirit channeling... Kinda like how we scribbled math formulas on the bathroom walls to remember them. Except we couldn't go to the bathroom during tests... And I can't read these walls.
There are straw zabuton cushions arranged around a hibachi brazier... I haven't seen a layout like this since I saw this really old Japanese movie on TV. ...If it wasn't for this hibachi, they'd probably freeze to death.
It's an altar. It looks a bit old, but someone does a good job taking care of it. Speaking of altars, I remember seeing one like this in Kurain Village last year. I guess they really do have something to do with spiritual power after all.
There's a laughably large Magatama on the altar. If I can see Psyche-Locks with the tiny Magatama I've got... ...I can only imagine what kind of power this bad boy has under his hood!
It's a stack of straw zabuton cushions. Maya told me this type of zabuton is called "enza"... I suppose if I'd never come here, I'd have missed out on all these new things.
Y-Yeah, and look at that big canyon below us.
I-I'm just not very good with heights...
...Yeah, death is a real good way to overcome phobias alright. Anyway, it sure looks like a rickety bridge.
Read it again, Maya. It says, "Dusky Bridge".
It looks like it's about 20 yards to that cliff over there.
And do the Special Course? I think not.
There's a narrow path going off in a different direction than that of the Main Hall.
The path leads to a wooden staircase that goes down to the bottom of the canyon.
...Do you really think that is necessary? You'd have to be blind not to see the stairs.
Graffiti is a crime, Maya.
I'm not so sure... It looks like a bunny hopping across the bridge would destroy it.
(That right there sums up the fundamental difference between sane and insane.)
Some letters are engraved into a roughly cut boulder.
It says, "Dusky"! "Dusky Bridge"! OK?
Do I look like a pencil holder to you?
The people who live here, I guess. I doubt they have any real phones there.
...Maybe you should work on channeling someone who makes logical sense, Maya.
Umm... So what's a "channeling dojo" anyway?
H-Holy items...?
(Wow, she must have just gotten off the trolley from the land of make-believe...)
Umm, Sister... About this picture...
Oh, um, yeah. Unforgettable in every way.
Sorry to cut in, but...! This "Iris"... Where is she right now?
No, no, no! Th-That's not what I had in mind at all...
(So she's in the Inner Temple, huh...)
...Weird. I thought they would serve something a little more... well, traditional.
Oh... Um, hello. (Wow, this lady makes Maya look like a 6.8/10 on the weirdness scale.)
Hmm... I see it now... Zvarri! A fortune-teller...?
Um, "books"...?
Well, um... ...An author, maybe?
Um... I'm sorry I didn't know who you are. I don't get a lot of chances to really enjoy picture books.
(I do have to admit... She certainly seems like a kind, sensitive lady.)
Wow... It must have been a really great story.
An apprentice?
(Pearls is completely taken with her...)
...So is that why you're dressed like you are?
(What can I say... She's really a sweet lady...)
Ms. Deauxnim? What do you think about this?
Huh...?
(A suspect? Why would I suspect her of anything? It's not like anything's happened.)
(Pearls looks like she just won the lottery...)
(The "Inner Temple"... There it is, on the other side of the bridge...) Well, if you insist, I guess we'll take this chance to go check out the other temple.
I guess she went to the Inner Temple... To go help that other nun out.
Y-Yeah... That was it. (I want to find out who Iris really is, but I'm scared of what I'll find...)
...
...
...
C-Can you not pick on me for a second? I'm still trying to get over the shock that we made it safely across that death trap.
I guess people don't use it too often. Is this really where you're going to train tonight?
(A spirit medium afraid of ghosts...? Isn't it ironic, don't you think?)
I don't care how much you pay me, I don't want to cross that bridge again.
That's because no reasonable person would call that pile of popsicle sticks a bridge! The latter half of it was nothing more than a few planks of wood and some string!
... Maybe I'll just stay... I've always dreamed of living in a little shack in the woods.
...They're reeeally thin. Shouldn't they be just a little thicker...?
...
Maya!
Are you kidding? Of course they'll notice! What are you gonna do with one of those anyway?
(You know, come to think of it, where did that wooden statue come from anyway...?)
... Well, there's something buried in the snow, but... I think it's an incinerator.
Um, sure... Anyway, I don't think it gets used much. It's looking pretty rusty.
I told you! It's not a robot! ...And it's not especially big either.
(A fight between a lawyer and an overgrown furnace? Who'd ever pay to see that!?)
Yeah, except the sign on here says, "No Entry".
...You expect a lawyer to go along with that?
Don't blame it on me when Sister Bikini puts a curse on you.
I can't read it, but if I had to take a good guess, I'd say it says, "Inner Temple".
(I guess the sign is a good indication of how long this place has been here...)
It looks kinda run-down.
So you're training here tonight, huh?
Sounds like your stomach wants to show off its digestive powers instead...
Man, look at this place... It's just a tiny, freezing-cold room. So this is where you'll both be training, huh...
Really? But I thought...
(So says the girl who I can barely hear over her bones chattering...)
(If only because the cavern behind that door is giving off a real supernatural feel...)
Y-You're...
Uh... D-Did you say something, M-Maya?
...
(That girl... It-It can't be, but...)
... Huh! Oh, sorry. I was just... thinking.
...I can't.
...
(A hanging scroll... It doesn't look that old either...)
AAAAAAAAACK! Wh-What is it!? Why did you scream like that!?
Wh... Whaaaaaaaat!?
Are... Are you sure?
(So that's what the mark means...)
What is it?
Maya...
It's a hanging wall scroll showing Maya's mother, Misty Fey. It's not that old. That crest at the top is the official mark of the Master. I wonder if this temple has some sort of connection to the Fey family...
(I'll have to ask Bikini in more detail when I get the chance... About Maya... And the Fey family in general.)
...
...
Huh!? Oh, um. Sorry...
He must be. There's no one else around...
H-Hey! Wait a minute!
Liar! You're Larry! Your clothes may change, but you're still the Butz.
So what are you doing with the last name, "Deauxnim"?
(The Mask☆DeMasque case...)
(Maybe I should buy a copy of "The Magic Bottle"...)
Still, it's kinda hard to imagine you as a picture book illustrator... So tell the truth. You must have some kind of ulterior motive, right?
Anyway... Can you even draw well enough to make a picture book?
And that's why I'm asking. Can you draw well enough to make a whole book?
"Other girl"...? Uh oh... (I got a bad feeling about this...)
(Maybe it's 'cause we're always together, but she looks pretty much the same to me.)
(Oh yeah... That's right. When I defended Larry... Mia was still alive...)
Well, it's only been 5 months since we celebrated Ron's non-guilty verdict.
...She hasn't changed a bit as far as I can tell.
(Sometimes I really worry about what goes on inside this guy's head...)
(Wait a second. Why is he getting off so easy this time...!?)
Yeah, you can tell from the kindness reflected in her eyes.
(Are you sure she wasn't just laughing at you...?)
(This guy will never change.)
(Picky, picky, aren't you...?)
Are you sure it's alright to eat that much before your training?
(Maya and Bikini really seem excited about this training thing tonight...)
(Pearls is absolutely smitten with Ms. Deauxnim...) So Larry, what are you going to do?
(I totally hear you there.)
(What kind of a book is she reading anyway...?)
(Well, not much to do except head to my room and huddle under the covers, I guess...)
(Ugh... It's a whole different type of cold up here in the mountains! Argh... Why couldn't the nearest bathroom be just a little closer to my room...?)
Yaaaaaaah! Oh! Ah, Ms. Deauxnim! Are you going to use the bathroom, too?
No... Not since after dinner. I thought she said she was going to go to your room...
(Ms. Elise Deauxnim... A woman as mysterious in origin as her last name... But... The really mysterious one is...)
Ah...! S-Sister Iris...!
(The real mysterious one is this girl...!)
(...I can't let this chance pass me by! I should try to talk with her... And maybe get some answers.)
...It's freezing cold out there. And dark, too. There's nothing I need to do, so I think I'll just stay roasty-toasty in here.
Um... You're Sister Iris, right?
S-So... um, when did you come to Hazakura Temple?
So you've never left?
Ah, I see... But you... Didn't you go to college? ...And maybe enroll with the Ivy University Literature Department?
I... I see...
... (That's not exactly something worth bragging about... But I don't see any Psyche-Locks... ...so I guess that means she's not lying...)
What kind of a place is this anyway? I heard it's for training to increase your spiritual power or something like that.
Well, I have to admit it is a whole different world up here...
Huh?
R-Really? (So then why stay in a place like this...?)
(Instead of showing her things, I really need to just listen to her story! This girl... Just who is she?)
Is something wrong?
(I guess it's almost 10:00 now, huh?)
...Yes?
But this is your hood...
(Come to think of it, Sister Bikini was wearing one of these, too...)
Wait a minute, Sister Iris...
Just now, you called me by my name... You said, "Mr. Wright". How did you know my name? I never introduced myself to you.
...Sister Iris. Please, tell me the truth. You and I... Have we ever met before?
I-Iris...
(So my hunch was correct... She does know me... I'll have to try to talk with her again tomorrow... ......... ...... ...)
(Wh-What the...!? That blood-curdling scream came from the courtyard!)
(That scream... I'm sure it came from around here...) ...Aaaah! (S-Someone's there... On the ground...!) M-Ms. Deauxniiiiiim!
(...I just stepped on something soft.)
Wh-What are you doing lying there in the snow!?
So that blood-curdling scream was you...?
Is there even a phone in the Main Hall?
I, um... I didn't bring it with me--
Y-Yes, ma'am...
...*huff*...*huff*... (It's farther than I thought. The bridge is just up ahead. I have to go tell Maya what happened, too!) ............ ...Aaaaaaaaaah! Dusky Bridge...! It's burning down! (What the heck happened!?)
Aaaaaaaaah!
D-Don't scare me like that, Larry! I almost had a heart attack!
Larry, hurry up and call the police! I'm going to the Inner Temple!
Listen to me! There's been a murder! Here! At Hazakura Temple!
The murderer might have fled across the bridge! I have to make sure Maya is safe!
Please! Call the police! I've got to go! ...Get outta my way, Larry!
(I must have been crazy... I knew how dangerous it was, but I still went for it...)
AAAAAAAAAAHHHH!
(Weakened even more by the fire, the rickety old bridge's planks snapped and gave way. And as I was swallowed by the eternal darkness that surrounded me... ...a final, terrified scream rose up to pierce the frozen air of that harrowing night.)
No clues here.
I'm still up at this hour, reading through the trial record of a certain case. It's the first case my mentor, Mia, had ever handled in a court of law. The horrifying truth that I refuse to accept is holding me hostage here within its pages. Dahlia Hawthorne... What I have read, I don't want to believe. What is written here... This wasn't the Dahlia I knew. After falling into the Eagle River, I was somehow miraculously saved... But I ended up catching a cold that seemed to knock me around the
Actually, my fever has gone down quite a bit.
Only 102.2 degrees... Nothing to worry about. *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* Anyway... I read today's trial record. You weren't bad, Edgeworth... Pretty impressive despite the circumstances.
Yeah...
(Another sword, huh...)
...Thanks again, Edgeworth. I'll handle things from here.
And that is...?
...
I'm sorry, Edgeworth...
Why? Do you need to be somewhere?
(Ack! That's right! Maya is still stuck over at the Inner Temple...)
Th-Thank you, Gumshoe! *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough* *cough*
(Hang in there, Maya. We'll get you out. I promise. But in the meantime... I've got to continue collecting evidence!)
It looks like it's about 20 yards to that cliff over there. But I can't see the Inner Temple from here. I really hope Maya's OK...
There's a narrow path going off in a different direction than that of the Main Hall. Looks like someone's taken the effort to write "To Heavenly Hall" on the signpost.
That thing looks like it's ready to collapse... At least more than it did before. According to Bikini, Eagle Mountain is very prone to earthquakes. Which reminds me... If my memory serves me correctly, Edgeworth isn't exactly a fan of earthquakes.
Now it really is more of a "Dusty Bridge" than a "Dusky Bridge". That kidnapping incident happened here 11 years ago, so maybe it's cursed, too.
Hazakura Temple doesn't have a single private phone line... ...and there aren't any houses in the area, so I guess Bikini is the only one who uses this. ...I really wish I had brought my cell phone with me.
... (Looks like no one's here...) Larryyy! ... Lauriiice! ... (I was sure he'd be hiding here... Guess I'll try again later.)
This is the famous Eagle River. I got to try out its rough rapids the other night. They say it has a really strong current. And they weren't kidding. It's both powerful and fast-flowing. ... I was dead lucky... I mean lucky not to be dead!
That's Dusky Bridge up there. It's amazing how clearly you can see it from so far away. Larry supposedly saw everything through the shack's window. Not much light gets down here, so it must be pitch black at night... But this area was probably illuminated that night because of the burning bridge above.
These steps lead up to the foot of Dusky Bridge. Coming down is a cinch, but going back up doesn't look like a walk in the park. I'm starting to understand why rivers always want to flow downstream, not up.
That stuff is really ruining the beautiful atmosphere around here. It's so inappropriate. Like Sister Bikini in a bikini! *shudder* ...I've gotta think of the kittens...
Look at this graffiti, scrawled right on the front of the shack. At least he managed to get a pretty good likeness. When I really think about it, I guess art kind of suits him. I mean, his very existence is an art... of sorts.
The snow is really piled up on the straw roof. It's otherworldly... Like something out of a fairy tale. ...Well, the roof part anyway. The sign says, "Heavenly Hall". I guess it's pretty fitting. If you spent a night in this little freezing shack... ...you'd probably find yourself at the pearly gates by morning.
(There's only one guy I know who could be this persistent and high-strung...)
Eh...? Wait a second... I-I know you... You're... Um... Oww!
(My brain's frying like a sunny-side up and you want to grill me over a name!?)
No, it's not! And I'm not on the brink of anything.
And before that, you'll have to learn how to live a semi-coherent life, Larry.
(*sigh* Off he goes...)
This is one impressive gate.
It looks really idyllic with all that snow on it, don't you think?
... Don't make things up just because you think I'll never get to see it for myself!
You can see the Main Hall from here.
Oh, wow. Is that an inkling of human kindness I sense? Oww!
(It's nothing compared to the pain you cause with that leathery whip of yours...)
It's a quaint, little bell tower. I never would've thought that something this horrible was about to happen... ...when Iris rang the lights out bell that night.
I'd love to know what that thing was used for on the night of the crime.
Sorry to burst your bubble, but I don't recall ever losing to you.
(Looks like she mentally blocked out my victories over her from her memory...)
Have you been in Germany all this time?
(Oh, joy. Sounds like she hasn't changed a bit. Has it really been a year since we first met...?)
I... see...
(Franziska was born and raised in Germany, and became a prosecutor at the age of 13. Her father was the legendary prosecutor, Manfred von Karma. He had a perfect win record for 40 long years... But now, he is gone from this world...) Don't tell me you still hold a grudge against me... ...because of what happened to your father...
...Yes, crystal.
(Edgeworth... Come to think of it... ...Edgeworth was pulled into being a prosecutor by Manfred von Karma as well.)
Because it does.
... (It's probably the fever, but... She's so openly hostile that it's almost kinda cute.) Oww!
No whipping the sick!
(Edgeworth...)
...It's not like I thought you were here to bring me some Coldkiller X, you know.
You read the whole thing?
No. The only thought in my mind was, "I have to get across."
(Gumshoe said he'd let me know once the bridge was repaired. Maya... She's got to be OK. I just know it. Plus, I need to ask her about what really happened at the Inner Temple that night...)
Um, about this... Yeow!
(I should've known better than to try...)
(...That was one long sigh!) Umm... Sister Bikini?
Um, you don't have to pretend to be in a good mood for my sake...
("Mystic Elise"...? Now that I think about it... Hmm...)
That little girl...? Y-You don't mean Pearls... do you?
Pearls? She's missing!? (Why didn't someone tell me about this earlier!?)
I've only seen a layout like this when I saw this really old Japanese movie on TV. Wow! This hibachi brazier really puts out a lot of heat! Just thinking about how happy we were, sitting here eating pot roast and gravy... *sigh*
Are you talking about your performance at the trial today?
(I don't see any Psyche-Locks, so she must be telling the truth.) Um... So why are you so unsure of yourself all of a sudden?
I wouldn't take that guy too seriously. He's an artist, but all he draws is trouble... and nothing else. (If both Bikini and Larry are telling the truth... ...that can only mean one thing. They both didn't see what they think they saw.)
On the night of the incident, you met Iris at the Inner Temple. Is that correct?
(But Iris claims she was in her room in Hazakura Temple.)
But because you did, Maya is stuck at the Inner Temple.
(I'll bet. The Training Hall looks like it's about to fall down any second.)
E-Earthquakes...?
(We've got to get Maya out of there... fast!)
It's like an island? How so?
I-I see...
... That means Maya could be stuck out there with a murderer and no way to escape either!
(Nngh... Please, Gumshoe! Get that bridge up faster!)
...I'm curious about a few things, if you don't mind answering some questions.
No, no, no! I want to know a little more about the victim, Ms. Elise Deauxnim.
No, no. I'm wondering why she came to stay in a place like this to begin with. I mean, she told us herself that she wasn't here for spiritual training.
There. You did it again... Sister Bikini... I noticed you always refer to Ms. Deauxnim as "Mystic Elise".
Yes. Now, why is that? After all, she's not here as an acolyte...
How do you know that? How can you say for sure that she's older than you?
(Hmm... It seems Ms. Elise Deauxnim was no ordinary visitor after all... And there's Pearls... She was with Ms. Deauxnim on the evening of the murder, and now she's vanished. It's all got to be connected somehow...)
Tell me, Sister Bikini... What kind of person was Ms. Deauxnim? I mean, you call her "Mystic Elise" even though she wasn't here for training.
Does she have some special connection with Hazakura Temple that I'm not aware of?
... (Hmm... There's a nasty feeling building in the pit of my stomach... Looks like I'm going to have to break this Psyche-Lock and find out the truth.)
Wh-Why did Pearls have to get mixed up in this mess!?
(Oh, man... My head's throbbing so bad, it's killing me!) Pearls... She was with Ms. Deauxnim on the night of the murder, remember?
(The murder... It didn't take place right in front of her innocent eyes, did it...?)
(Come on! Keep calm! There's one place left where Pearls could be! She just has to be there! Gumshoe... I'm counting on you to check it out for me, so please hurry the repairs up!)
Um, about this picture...
Iris?
(Really? I find that kinda hard to believe...)
(So this woman is Maya's mother, huh...)
Her daughter? Don't you know who her daughter is?
(Hmm, Bikini doesn't seem to know Maya's standing within the Fey family...)
Iris gave this to me on the night of the murder. But then I went and fell into the river and got this nasty fever... I thought maybe if I were to wear this hood, it'd make my fever go down faster!
(Way to crush a man's hope.)
But they proved it in court today, didn't they? That this sword wasn't the murder weapon.
(The problem is, I saw it, too... I'm sure that what I saw was this blade stabbed into Ms. Deauxnim's body.)
But the sphere was found near Dusky Bridge, right?
About this photograph...
(But there's only one set... Which means... ...the rider went out while it was still snowing, and came back after it had stopped. That's really the only logical explanation, I suppose.)
It's not a good thing, that's for sure.
Huh?
Um, sure. But what about the contents of the picture? What do you make of that?
If it's not from a hood, then I guess it really is from Ms. Deauxnim's staff.
She is? Do you know her or something?
(Looks like Bikini is in the dark. She doesn't seem to know that Maya is the daughter of the Master of Kurain.)
(First I lost Maya, and now Pearls... How much more pain is this case going to cause me!? Urgh... Not to mention this fever is giving me a killer migraine...)
("Missing"...? I hope that's all it is...)
Make up for what?
(So I was right... Ms. Deauxnim wasn't just any ol' visitor here...)
But your testimony, Sister Bikini...
You've finally seen through him, huh...
(Still... It's not like Larry to make something up that might get a woman he likes in trouble. There's more to that sketch of his than meets the eye. I'm sure of it.)
F-Friends...?
Well... Um... Do you think you could go drill that into her head for me...? Please?
Mentor...? No, he's just a friend...
Y-Yeah... (It's kinda depressing how much faith she has in him...)
I was wondering about this...
(I'm guessing she makes an exception for fine dining...)
(This is where Sister Bikini witnessed the incident. It's hard to imagine she was lying on the stand, so... ...maybe there are some clues that have yet to be found.)
There are a few of these stone lanterns scattered around in this courtyard. Without the city glare to compete with, I imagine they would seem a lot brighter. I guess Sister Bikini must light them now, since Iris can't be here.
Ms. Deauxnim's staff... I definitely remember there being a crystal sphere attached to the staff. I guess Larry eventually found the sphere near the foot of Dusky Bridge, but... ...what was it doing all the way out there...?
The Shichishito. It's there in Mystic Ami's right hand. But it was proven in court today that it wasn't the murder weapon. Given the design, it must've been used for some pretty gruesome things in the past...
The Main Gate's on the other side of that stone wall. The difference in elevation is almost 10 feet. That's how steep this hillside is! And that's also the height the body fell from, according to the autopsy. Is it possible that Ms. Deauxnim was pushed from the top of the wall...?
That building up there is the Main Hall. It was where we were staying. It sits kind of funny because it was built on a very steep slope. If you enter from the Main Gate side, these rooms above me are on the ground floor. Apparently, Ms. Deauxnim was staying in the corner room. I guess that's where she was pushed from that night...
They get quite a bit of snow up here on Eagle Mountain. Around here, skis aren't just for fun. They're tools for getting around. But the sled... Now that's gotta be for Bikini's own personal entertainment!
Detective! H-Have you finished repair--
(...As you work to pin the guilt on Iris.)
OWW! That hurts, you know!
(...She's not seriously going to follow me around, is she...?)
Things have certainly become a lot livelier than before.
(Th-That voice...) Pearls!
So you were here... ever since that night...
(She was all alone...?)
(It looks like Pearls's words are getting under her skin...)
Yeowwww! Why are you whipping me!? I didn't even say anything!
A-Anyway... Pearls...? Weren't you with Maya?
Huh!? What are you talking about, Pearls?
Hey, wait! Pearls! (She just ran off!) Oww!
(What was that all about? Pearls acting like that... It's giving me the creeps. I guess I'd better take another look around since I've finally got a chance! Especially since something about this place seems different from two days ago.)
You can see Dusky Bridge from here. It's an unusually long bridge, isn't it?
I guess the gorge is too wide to cross with a piece of rope or wire, huh?
What!? And would you stop calling me by my full name like that?
A port...?
Oh, that. That's an anchor for one of the wires that used to hold up the bridge. I think the wire that was tied to this one probably snapped when the bridge burned down. (I mean, there's no way there was ever a port all the way up here...)
But I didn't say anything!
Look at all the Buddha statues lined up along this path.
... Why don't you ask her the next time you see her?
(And she'll probably slap you for prying into her private affairs.)
(There's a weird smell coming from that incinerator. The door is also open, almost like it's begging me to look inside...) Well, well. Let's see what stunning clue is concealed in here, shall we? ... Huh? It's empty!
But it's a bit strange, don't you think? ...Franziska von Karma? (I seem to remember... ...there was snow on this incinerator the first time I saw it. In other words, someone's been using it to burn something recently...)
I was only copying you.
There's a little gate that leads into the garden. It says "No Entry" on the sign, though.
But it says, "No Entry".
That's got nothing to do with anything! (And who told you that!?)
The sign says "Inner Temple".
Actually, I can't read it either.
(She looks really happy to have finally caught me on something...)
Yes. There's a solitary room there called the Training Hall.
... YEOWWW!
(Nngh... I don't know how much more of this woman I can take!)
...
Maya... She was supposed to be in here training.
... (What's that...? That strange lock...? It wasn't there two days ago. This whole room is really giving off some strange vibes...)
It's an antique dresser.
(Now I know how Maya feels when I tell her not to touch things...)
I thought we weren't opening it!
(Yeah, you can do anything... Except stand up to a 9 year old girl.)
Look at those wafer-thin mattresses!
Yeah, you know. Thin like a wafer. In other words uncomfortable. That's how we describe things like these mattresses. I guess you must say, "wafer-thick" or something back in Germany?
Hmm... This door... When I was here two days ago, that weird lock wasn't on it.
(I have. I've seen locks and chains just like this before. They look just like the ones that guard a person's secrets during a Psyche-Lock. I wonder if this lock is guarding something, too. Dark secrets in a dark cavern...)
It's a scroll, not a poster. It's a picture of a woman who's actually... ...
(There's a different atmosphere in this room since the last time I was here. No... It's not a different atmosphere, it's a different smell!) It's gravy!
This scroll... It's been completely covered in gravy!
No! No one does that! For starters, it stinks! (This must be the gravy that we had with the roast on the night of the incident. But why would anyone do this? Why this scroll?)
(This scroll shows a picture of Misty Fey, Master of the Kurain Channeling Technique. But why would anyone cover it in gravy?)
(Artists? Um, yeah...)
P-Prosecutor Godot! I didn't know you were here.
How come you didn't show up at the trial today?
Huh? But I was... I had a cold, so...
This is Ms. von Karma. She was the acting prosecutor in your absence today.
Wh-What are you hitting me for!?
Wh-What!?
(There's something different about Godot today... I'm getting such a strong sense of... something from behind that mask of his. Is it anger? Or... Is it... sorrow?)
You had some important business and that's why you weren't in court, huh? So what was it?
You... died?
So... you mean... That mask you wear is...?
I... I didn't know...
Huh? M-Me!?
I-I don't know what he's talking about... (Although... To be honest... I do feel a little tug at the corner of my memory... I think I do know about how Godot was "killed"...)
Earlier, you said I've done something I can never undo. What did you mean by that exactly?
(That's what Sister Bikini said, too.)
...What do you mean?
M-Missing?
Huh? B-But that's impossible! She came here that night and...
(One? Where is that?)
(So they haven't searched that cavern yet, huh...)
N-No!
"Once again"!? What are you talking about?
(Because of me...?)
M-Mia!?
N-No, that's not how it was!
(Yeah, that's one case I'll never forget.) But... I got that guy! Personally!
W-Well, no... but...
I...!
(I... I haven't sentenced Maya to death...! No...!)
Th-There's no keyhole!?
Then who was it!?
What? Iris?
(Sister Bikini did mention it a number of times, now that I think about it. She said that Iris was left in charge of supervising the early stages of the training.)
(Iris is the only person who can open this lock...? I hope she gets here soon! ...Hang on in there, Maya. We'll get you out!)
Um, Godot... Would you mind taking a look at this?
(Look who's talking!)
Wait, Godot! How sure about Maya are you?
...
(Edgeworth?)
...!
That's what everyone says. (It looks like I don't have much of a choice... I guess I'll just have to do what I can for now.)
(Sound like someone's talking to himself, but where's that coming from?)
So what's up, Gumshoe? Is something on your mind?
Um... You mean the one that says "No Entry" on it?
(Is he trying to be clever or something...?)
A garden?
(Isn't it normally the other way around?)
(Of course! What else would we do? I really want to know what Gumshoe was thinking of washing off!)
...
(Strange feeling? Forget about that! What's that strange writing on the stone lantern?)
A little lantern, a little statue...
That's true... (I wonder if this has any impact on the case...?)
There's a charm or something poking out from the snow. (It looks pretty old. There's a leather cord tied to it, too.)
(This means that this charm definitely belonged to Ms. Deauxnim. This could be a really vital piece of evidence.)
There are a couple of torches here. I guess you need all the light you can get up here in the mountains.
(Maya was training here on the night of the murder... It's not unreasonable to think these things were lit up at the time, I guess.)
...Well, this is odd. There's no snow on the ground here. And it's an almost perfect rectangle. It couldn't have happened naturally.
(If it wasn't the police, then who did it...?)
(Whoever cleared the snow away must have had a reason... Although I can't even begin to imagine what that reason could be.)
What the heck is that!?
Are you kidding me!? It couldn't be more obvious!
So how's the Inner Temple investigation going...?
(I guess I better look into them myself.)
Um, about Maya...
...Yes, we heard.
Edgeworth?
...Huh? I wonder what it is...
(Sounds... pleasant...)
"Maya"... So these letters are written in blood?
Huh!? This is Ms. Deauxnim's blood?
...
Y-You must be joking! (That's impossible!)
Whaaaaat!?
So Ms. Deauxnim was killed here...?
Then... what Sister Bikini saw in the courtyard at the main temple was... Well, what was it!? If that wasn't the scene of the crime, what did she see?
But wait a sec. The bloody writing and all the other clues here... Someone could've easily set all that up after the murder had taken place, right?
Why not!?
...!
Nngh...! (I-I can't think of a counterargument to that...)
(If this really was the scene of the crime... ...then I need to figure out exactly what it was that Bikini actually saw!)
Hey, look. It's my attorney's badge.
Ack! No! That's my Magatama! You can't eat it!
(At least he doesn't just put stuff in his mouth first and ask questions later anymore.)
Do you know anything about this scroll, Detective?
...Let's leave it at that, OK?
If what Sister Bikini saw is right, then no, it's not. She said the murder weapon was thrust into the victim up to the hilt. But the blood stains on this aren't consistent with her story.
(The case will be long over by then, Gumshoe!)
Yeah, and apart from the crystal missing from the top, there's nothing wrong with it.
What do you make of this photo of the crime scene...?
(That's the mystery we're here to solve...)
OK, I know Larry's a bit out there... ...but he genuinely wants to help Iris. I'm sure of that. He wouldn't have produced this for no good reason.
This was found close to Dusky Bridge, wasn't it?
(But this crystal didn't belong to Iris.)
(The real question is what was it doing near the foot of Dusky Bridge...?)
You mean, because of the matching leather cord found around the victim's neck?
(Isn't it supposed to stop you from having an accident in the first place?)
Isn't there anything you can do, Detective!?
...Huh?
G-Godot?
(But the witness isn't supposed to play any tricks...)
Did she say anything to you about Maya? She wouldn't tell me...
I will... Trust me, I will...
Yeah, I know. Trust me I already know.
(Hmm... Never would've expected the Prosecutor's Office to be so lax...)
Yeah. Why is he hiding that from everyone?
(Yeah. Why did he?)
Really? That's great!
But there was a problem with her testimony, wasn't there?
(Why does every prosecutor want to burn me at the stake so badly...?)
...Well, I suppose you could call him that.
Well, lucky you, I suppose.
That's pretty awful.
Well... he made a mockery of the court today. (And I'm almost sure he did it on purpose, too...)
(Gumshoe needs to learn how to give compliments faster than Franziska gives lashes.)
Do you know why he moved overseas?
Huh?
... People really don't get Edgeworth, do they?
What about this, Detective Gumshoe? Any thoughts?
(There are some things you shouldn't advertise, Gumshoe. Especially in front of her...)
Iris! I'm really glad to see you!
Never mind him! We've gotta hurry and unlock the Sacred Cavern...

Wait, Edgeworth! I'm coming with you guys!
What!?
What do you mean by a delicate position...?
C-Come on, Edgeworth...
But it's Maya!
I...
... Aaack!
... (She's right...) ...Thanks. For reminding me.
Sister Bikini looks like she's shrunk some since I last saw her...
(From the sound of that sigh, I guess she's still pretty down.)
(Is she talking about Edgeworth?)
Huh? Me? ...Ack!
O-Oh, yes! You did great, Sister Bikini. ...Absolutely spectacular!
(I can't shake the feeling that I just became a shill to a shrew.)
(Sure, she was brave to testify so truthfully like that. But I know she's still hiding something. Guess it's time to break that Psyche-Lock of hers...)
Um, would you mind taking a look at this, Sister Bikini?
No, no! It wasn't m--
(Aaaaah!! Someone... Anyone... ...h...e...l...p...!)
Um, Sister Bikini. Would you mind taking a look at this?
I can't! This is evidence. (This really must be one very important item...)

Sister Bikini. The truth is becoming increasingly clear to me. I'm convinced that Ms. Elise Deauxnim had a special significance to this temple. As to why she had a special significance, I believe it has to do with her true identity.
To be honest... I had my suspicions almost immediately after I met her.
Yes. But I didn't have any evidence to support my theory, though. But now I do. This piece of evidence proves Ms. Deauxnim's true identity!


Well, Sister Bikini!? What do you have to say to that?
Huh?
("The Magic Bottle"...? I hope it doesn't have a child-proof cap on it...)
Ms. Deauxnim had this charm with her at all times.
This isn't some cheap good luck charm, either.
It's a "talisman", is it? Interesting...
This thing speaks volumes about who Ms. Deauxnim really was. This talisman and one other item unequivocally prove Ms. Deauxnim's true identity!


Well!?
Huh?
(What am I doing!? The piece of evidence I need to show Bikini is obvious!)
Oh, no! I don't think so!
The painting is obscured by this gravy stain at the moment...
But this scroll shows the Master of the Kurain Channeling Technique. The crest at the top is a sign of that honorable title. The very same crest that adorns the talisman the victim carried with her!
This crest is reserved for the Master of Kurain.
The new Master, Maya Fey, told me!
Daughter? Yes.
Yes. In fact, since her first daughter passed away, Maya is Misty Fey's sole successor.
So Elise Deauxnim was really Maya's mother, huh...
(...The truth comes out at last. It looks like we're making some headway here...)
...W-What happened?
(I-It can't be...)
Aaaaaaaargh!
WH-WHAT!? MAYA!!!
Well, we can't just stand here and do nothing! Let's go!
To the Inner Temple, of course! Where else!?
Sister Bikini! We'll finish this later, alright!?
Th-Thank you... (Right at that moment, I had the worst feeling in my gut. We just had an earthquake... I wonder if he's alright...)
... Come on. Let's go!
(We've gotta hurry to the Inner Temple and...)
Aah! Wh-What are you doing here?
Yeooowww! Hey! Why am I the one getting whipped!?
(N-No...!)
So... it was just now... during the...
(It's easy to see Edgeworth's one and only weakness. His fear of earthquakes...)
That incident... haunts you to this day, doesn't it?
Wait, Edgeworth. Have you thoroughly checked the Inner Temple yet?
No, that's not it... Iris isn't the type of person to run away, Edgeworth.
Sister Bikini mentioned something when we were with her. She said that the Sacred Cavern might've caved in because of the quake.
Listen, Edgeworth. I'm sure she's at the Inner Temple. A manhunt is not necessary.
Let's not waste any more time. We need to get to the Training Hall's Sacred Cavern now!
(Fortunately, the Sacred Cavern didn't cave in. But... What we found... ...was something none of us would've ever expected.)
H-How can there be...
(Wh-What is the meaning of this...!?) Iris!
(Iris! Please tell me! What the hell is going on!?)
...Yeah. The trick locks.
(During the earthquake, when the cavern was in danger of caving in, Iris escaped. And I know that there was only one lock when I last came here.)
Edgeworth, how are you feeling? You look a little pale in the face.
(Edgeworth...) He's got so much pride that he's probably off crying in a corner of the garden...
...I see. Well, thanks for your help. Now then... Do you mind if I ask you a few things, Iris?
It's an antique dresser.
(Now I know how Maya feels when I tell her not to touch things...)
I thought we weren't opening it!
(Yeah, you can do anything... Except stand up to a 9 year old girl.)
Hmm... This door... When I was here earlier, there was only one lock, but now there's five of them.
(I have. I've seen locks and chains just like these before. They look just like the ones that guard a person's secrets during a Psyche-Lock. I wonder if these locks are guarding something, too. Dark secrets in a dark cavern...)
Why did you make a run for it, Iris?
I don't think it's that simple, Franziska von Karma. When we were here the first time, there was only one lock. But now, somehow, there's five of them...
It means that someone wanted to secure the place even more... And they wanted to secure it before you got here, Iris. Presumably because they wanted to make sure Maya couldn't get out. This means that Iris can only open one of these locks. The first one.
Iris! Try to think, please! Isn't there any way around this?
(A whole day!?)
(We've got to wait another day? Hang in there, Maya. You're going to have to call on your inner strength now.)
You know what, Iris... There's still one thing I don't quite get.
I think it's obvious. Iris, on the night of the murder, where were you?
Please, Iris! Don't give me that look! You told us that you were in your room at Hazakura Temple at the time of the incident. But you were seen that same evening at the Inner Temple. And then, you were spotted at the scene of the crime in Hazakura Temple, too.
Well, Iris? I think it's about time you told us the truth.
(I knew it. There's something going on here that we don't know about.)
On the night of the murder, you were spotted in two very different locations: In Hazakura Temple's courtyard, and in the Training Hall at the Inner Temple.
And yet you claim that you were in your room the entire time. I'm sorry, Iris, but I don't buy your story. It's time you told me the truth!
(...Truthfully, there's one other thing that's been bothering me. If I can just break this Psyche-Lock... ...I might be able to answer that question as well.)
Could you take a look at this for me, Iris? Yeow!
(She's right... I'm going to have to hold off on asking her about things for now.)
The cops are still combing the place. They look pretty nervous... I'd be nervous, too. It's got to be a tough job. Especially with someone giving you the evil eye the whole time.
(Wow. I can't believe it's still bothering him.) Edgeworth...?
... Hey! Don't you dare run away!
What do I want?
(*sigh* I was ready to hug it out with him, but he's just the same, prideful Edgeworth.) You went back to the Criminal Affairs Department, right? You said you wanted to look into something concerning Iris.
A little lantern, a little statue... It's small, but the whole place is incredibly well-kept.
... Maybe one of the detectives washed their face in it or something?
(He's really angry... I'd better not say it was Gumshoe or his salary's gonna pay...)
There's a charm or something poking out from the snow. (It looks pretty old. There's a leather cord tied to it, too.)
You don't need to tell me that!
(He probably just wanted something to remember his esteemed teacher by...)
There are torches of the naked flame variety. I guess you need all the light you can get up here in the mountains.
Well, Maya was training up here, so there's nothing strange about that.
Huh?
(Oh... I didn't know that...)
Why's this the only area with no snow?
(I suppose Edgeworth has a point... Whoever cleared the snow away must've had a reason to do so. I just can't imagine what that reason could be.)
It's pretty hard to miss, you know.
You think the victim wrote this herself?
But why would she write Maya's name?
You guys are putting a lot of effort into the investigation of the garden here, huh...
You mean because of the writing in blood and the talisman in the snow?
But surely... you don't suspect... ...Maya, do you?
So... I guess you still haven't gotten over your fear of earthquakes...
(...17 years ago... when we were little school kids at the same elementary school... Edgeworth found himself in the middle of a murder...) It all started with that big quake that hit the courthouse...
... It's been more than 17 years now... And that case was finally resolved 3 years ago, right?
(Edgeworth... You're stronger than you think, so no more of this self-pity, OK...?)
So you went back to the Criminal Affairs Department to look for her file?
Six years ago...?
So!? Who is she...?
What!? Why not? It might be the crucial piece of the puzzle that solves this case.
Unrelated?
(You're wrong, Edgeworth! She's totally related to this case! I need to fill Edgeworth in. I need to explain the connection between Iris and the woman Edgeworth knew.)
It's because of you that I became one, Edgeworth.
Not that I have any regrets. I really don't.
(If you're trying to say "thanks", you can start by saying it a bit louder...)
(I know that Elise Deauxnim was no ordinary visitor to the temple. But her true identity could be a useful weapon for the defense. And I can't give that away just like that...)
Yes, and it really works! It helped my fever go down quicker. I'm sure of it.
... Actually... I don't know exactly why, but there's something about Iris that just tugs at me. I can't figure out whether I feel like I know her, or don't know her at all. It's really weird.
You're still mad, huh, Edgeworth?
I know. That's what I think, too.
(I knew it. Edgeworth's still mad as a hornet at Larry.)
It seems to me that you know her better than you think!
(I know. I read all about it.)
(I wonder if Mia felt the same way, too.)
Did she tell you anything?
Don't say it like you don't know anything about him! Tell me what you know.
Then you mean... ...he isn't anything special?
What's that?
What different channel?
A defense attorney...? (I didn't even know you could switch sides like that...)
You owe him that much! After all, it's your fault his salary is so low!
And look, if you're going to buy the guy lunch, at least get him something decent, OK? Gumshoe practically lives on pasta and noodles already.
(...All you have to do is give the poor guy a raise...)
There certainly are a lot of problems with it.
(This reminds me... Edgeworth went back to the Criminal Affairs Department to look up some stuff on her... I should ask him what he found.)
Yes. Something like that.
That's great...
(Looks like someone's still mad at the Butz for his performance in court today.)
She really said that...?
Oh.
Forget it, Edgeworth!
Oh, is that what you're studying about right now?
(I'd never get anywhere then! It's taken me a lifetime to sort of master one language!)
What do you think about this, Edgeworth?
(But you were acting for the defense in the trial today!)
(I'm finally getting to the bottom of this case. I can count on Iris to break those locks, so I should try to gather more clues. From Sister Bikini, Edgeworth, Gumshoe... ...and Pearls...)
You can see Dusky Bridge from here, and it feels like an unusually long bridge to me. I guess the gorge is too wide to cross with a piece of rope or wire. In other words, no one has crossed it in either direction since the night of the murder. Which means that scene in the Inner Temple's garden couldn't have been set up by someone.
That's an anchor for one of the wires that used to hold up the bridge. I guess it must have snapped during the fire.
Look at all the Buddha statues lined up along this path. Looks like one of the cakes someone left as an offering is missing, though. I guess Gumshoe couldn't resist, the poor guy.
There's something strange about this incinerator. I'm sure there was snow on it the first time I saw it. That, and the door's open. Someone's been burning something, that's for sure. It's a shame there isn't a trace of what it was left inside.
On the other side of that little gate is the garden. Edgeworth is probably still in there, crying softly to himself. I guess we better hug it out and talk about what he's uncovered so far.
I can't read it very well, but I think that sign says, "Inner Temple" on it. Or maybe it says, "Training Hall". No. Maybe it's not that at all. Maybe it says, "The Bridge of Dawn". ... ...I really should get back to work!
Maya has got to be inside the Sacred Cavern. She's just got to be. I hate feeling so useless. It's driving me nuts. But I need to look for clues so that I'm ready when we finally get her out of there.
It's weird that there's no one around all of a sudden. It sure gets quiet up here in the mountains when you're all on your own. Speaking of alone... I guess I should go check out the shack just down this path... Maybe I'll find Larry there sulking again.
That thing looks like it's ready to collapse... At least more than it did before. According to Bikini, Eagle Mountain is very prone to earthquakes. I had a feeling something bad was going to happen, and sure enough, it did. Yup. Edgeworth definitely couldn't live up here!
I wonder if Sister Bikini has gone back to the Main Hall already. I haven't seen Gumshoe around for a while, either. Maybe they're having a cup of tea together somewhere. I bet Gumshoe is Sister Bikini's type.
This is one impressive gate. It's pretty grand for something that belongs to a branch family of the clan. I bet they make an exorbitant amount of money here. I mean, that whole Special Course thing has got to be good business! ... Ack! Noooo!! I'm starting to think like Maya!
You can see the Main Hall from here. Sister Bikini should be back by now. We were interrupted earlier by the earthquake. I think I should go pick up our conversation where we left off.
It's a quaint, little bell tower. I never would've thought that something this horrible was about to happen... ...when Iris rang the lights out bell that night.
I wonder what this thing was used for on the night of the murder... There is only one key to this snowmobile, and Iris is the one who had it. So I have to wonder if it was her... ...But she says she never left Hazakura Temple that night.
Looks like Sister Bikini is not here. She must be sorting things out after the quake. Must be hard on her with her bad back. There are a few things I really need to discuss with her. Guess I'll drop by again later and see if she's around.
Pearls! What are you doing here?
Um... Well... We don't know yet.
Larry...
This is the what...?
That's, um... great, Pearls.
(I don't believe this... Why can't he try getting fired up over becoming a better man?)
Larry, is there something you want to tell me about this picture?
(What am I going to do with him...?) Alright then. What do you think about this picture, Pearls?
(I guess this picture really is a representation of what Larry thinks he saw...)
(And it looks like I don't have any choice but to take this sketch at face value...)
Umm, Pearls...
I've been meaning to ask you about the night of the murder...
Where were you, and what exactly were you doing when it all happened?
Sorry, Pearls... But yes, it does. On the night of the murder... ...you were supposed to be in Ms. Deauxnim's room, reading a book together. But... Ms. Deauxnim was murdered, and you, Pearls, were at the Inner Temple.
Just what exactly happened that night, Pearls...?
What are you talking about, Pearls?
(What? Her powers have disappeared...?)
Come on, Pearls. You can tell me. What happened to you on the night of the murder? Why were you found taking refuge at the Inner Temple today?
(Wow. It must be a really big secret she's hiding.)
What do you mean your power has disappeared, Pearls?
...
Pearls. Did you try to channel someone's spirit right here at Hazakura Temple? Tried but failed, perhaps?
(Just as I thought... I'm going to have to break her Psyche-Lock to get the truth out of her...)
Um, Pearls...?
(...It's no good. She's in no condition to look at anything for me right now.)
It looks like it survived. But we have a bigger problem now.
(I told Sister Bikini all about it... About the five locks that were stopping us from getting inside the Sacred Cavern.)
We have Iris at the Sacred Cavern, trying her best to open them for us right now. Actually, there's something I've been meaning to talk with you about, Sister Bikini.
Yes. You were telling me how the Master of Kurain disappeared 17 years ago. I want to know why Misty Fey suddenly appeared at this temple.
Someone was trying to destroy the main family line?
...! (Is the power of the Master worth this much bloodshed...?)
Um, would you mind taking a look at this, Sister Bikini?
No, no! It wasn't me! I swear! (But who did this, and why would anyone want to cover this thing in gravy? More importantly, does this have anything to do with the case...?)
That's right. Maya Fey.
... Once we get her out, you can give her all the feasts you want.
(First I lost Maya, and now Pearls... How much more pain is this case going to cause me!? Urgh... Not to mention this fever is giving me a killer migraine...)
Make up for what?
(Sister Bikini must feel really responsible for what happened... Ms. Deauxnim was the Master after all...)
Even so... That doesn't excuse all the things she did.
(I could tell her... But she'd probably have a coronary and a half...)
Yes... I do...
(It's been three years since I first met Maya. In that time, I've seen her channel the spirits of the dead plenty of times. During the Mask☆DeMasque case, and during Maggey Byrde's trial, too. Thanks to Maya, Mia's always on hand to help me out when I need her the most.)
I suppose so, but... With all that power and influence, I kind of expected you'd be really rich by now...
A mistake? What mistake?
("That incident"? Is she talking about what I think she is...?)
The DL-6 Incident, huh?
The DL-6 Incident... ...I know it well. I handled a related case just three years ago.
(A murder that took place 17 years ago...)
(And the medium who performed the channeling was Misty Fey, Maya's mother.)
But that man... He was found not guilty, wasn't he?
But I know the truth! Misty Fey's spirit channeling wasn't a sham at all!
(Does she mean Maya!?)
(Maya's told me the exact same thing before...)
(According to Maya, only the women in the family can inherit that power.)
And the ones who don't become branch families, right?
... You know, Maya had a sister, too. An older sister named Mia...
What!? You know about Mia!?
(And lost her life as a result...)
Really...!?
(That's right. Misty Fey had an elder sister, too. And Misty, having superior powers, managed to usurp the Master's seat from her...)
Morgan? There's a name I know well. It was a year ago now, at Maya's home, Kurain Village. What she did was terrible. It was all so she could make her own daughter the next Master.
Huh? Iris...? (What's Iris got to do with any of this?)
Wh... IRIS IS WHAT!? (Is she kidding me!? Iris is Morgan Fey's daughter!?)
Did you just say that Iris is Morgan Fey's daughter?
I-I have. I know her very well.
Yes. Pearls. Pearl Fey. But I always thought she was an only child.
Yes. Ever since she was found to be a co-conspirator in a murder case last year. It was all done to set Pearls up as the next Master.
Whaaa!? ...Th-Three?
WHAT!? Tw-Twin sister?
How awful...
(It's unbelievable! If Iris has a twin sister... Could it be...?) Um, could you tell me one more thing, Sister Bikini? What was the name of Iris's sister?
(Well, that's a clue, I guess. Hmm... A jeweler...)
... Thank you very much. You've helped clear up a lot of details. Pearls had two older sisters, huh...
Anger? What do you mean?
(That's why she had Pearls?)
(So Iris has a twin sister... The plot thickens... But this information will be useless unless I can flesh it out a bit. I need to ask more questions, and get some more info!)
Hmm... I was expecting Larry and Pearls to be here. I guess they must've gone to collect firewood. I suppose I'll have to check back later.
(Sounds like someone's happy. What tune is that they're humming...?)
(...I would have never guessed that Gumshoe was into reggae.)
Huh? Who, me?
... I just got here.
So what are you up to, Detective?
(The real murder weapon...)
(A letter?)
So how's the investigation going, Detective Gumshoe?
What!? You mean...?
What kind of ugly situation are we looking at here...?
Then who said it?
Godot!? (What did he mean by that?)
About that letter you found...
Burnt up old letter?
The incinerator!? (I knew it! I knew I wasn't imagining it! There was snow on the incinerator when I first saw it. But after the incident, the snow had melted away. Which means someone used the incinerator on the night of the murder.)
C-Can I...? Do you mind?
(Spirit mediums!?)
(It's got to be important if it mentions spirit mediums and Masters. I'd better give it a good looking over and some serious thought...)
So what do you know about the real murder weapon so far?
...Yes, that's true.
And that's what you're running around like a headless chicken looking for now, huh...
Secret weapon...?
What's this secret weapon of yours?
Alright.
No. (I know what he's gonna say, but I'll let him look smart.)
(Raise your hand if you didn't see this coming from a mile away...)
Huh? M-Me?
(I don't know... Should I help Detective Gumshoe out, or not?)
No. I, um... I've actually gotta be someplace...
(I thought you liked doing field work! Isn't that what you were just singing about!?)
Do you know anything about this scroll, Detective?
Um... I was hoping you'd have more to say about the scroll and less about the gravy...
(...Why do I bother anymore?)
(Not quite. She was Maya's mother. But Gumshoe doesn't know that yet...)
Yeah, and apart from the crystal missing from the top, there's nothing wrong with it.
O-OK... What is it?
...
Is that it?
(Hmm... How did the crystal sphere get separated from the staff? And what was it doing near the foot of Dusky Bridge...?)
Look, I know Larry's a bit out there. But he wouldn't just draw something like this as a joke.
Huh?
... (Maybe he's right. Maybe I should just ignore this useless piece of graffiti.)
This was found close to Dusky Bridge, wasn't it?
(But this crystal didn't belong to Iris.)
(The real question is what was it doing near the foot of Dusky Bridge...?)
Did she say anything to you about Maya? She wouldn't tell me...
Yeah, I know. Trust me.
Do you know where he is now?
(Hmm, I should've figured... It looks like Gumshoe doesn't know about Godot's physical condition...)
(He had a good reason for missing the trial. So why didn't he tell anyone about it?)
Really? That's great!
But there was a problem with her testimony, wasn't there?
What clues are you talking about?
It wasn't Maya! There is no way it could've been her!
She's keeping an eye on Iris at the Inner Temple.
She has a real thing for hitting you with that whip of hers, huh?
And...? Tell me you were able to have a violence-free day.
(And being whipped doesn't?)
Do you know why he moved overseas?
Huh?
... (People really don't get Edgeworth, do they?)
That's right.
(Why doesn't he think his whole thought through BEFORE opening his mouth!?)
("Was"? I don't know... The more we look at this case, the more I feel like that one never ended...)
What about this, Detective Gumshoe? Any thoughts?
Perhaps we'll just have to wait until Summer when it's warmer?
(There are some things you're better off not advertising, Gumshoe...)
Alright, then... I guess I'll give it a go...
Oh, bother.
Sure. That's what we're trying to find out.
(Is there something up on the eaves?)
But it's right under Elise Deauxnim's window! And it's the perfect spot for hiding something long and thin like a sword!
Why are you so happy about that...?
(...At least he recognizes that much.)
It's just a pair of skis. Nothing useful for our case here.
Really? I had no idea. How good are you, then?
(That's a pretty detailed answer.)
... (The guy's losing it. Must be the altitude. We'd better get back to the investigation...)
That's odd. This sled's made of plastic...
(Maybe there's something under it...) Hey, what's this? A-A badge...?
I-It's yours, Detective?
How did you manage to drop your badge here, of all places!?
Stop right there. I don't need to hear any more.
That's a "step"-ladder.
(Surely everyone knows the difference... I mean, they're pretty ordinary objects...)
No they're not! They're completely different!
(...The last person I need advice from is this guy in front of me.)
This must be an old pan handle or something.
Huh, what?
What, "pan handle"?
... "Panhandler", huh? I can see that.
This looks like... a wallet?
Is it yours, Detective?
But you still dropped it anyway...
...Your wallet is completely empty.
... Then how come the metal detector picked it up...?
Hey, I found a dollar coin.
D-Don't get so close to me, Detective. Give me some space, will you!? Here's the coin. Happy?
(Yikes... Talk about a serious case of denial...)
What's this...? A pen?
Huh? It's yours?
That makes you detectives sound really nasty.
(Then don't go losing it!)
Yeah, I know. I just thought I'd check it again anyway.
Yes. I heard something about that.
You think about that kind of stuff, Detective?
(...There's something to be said about the humor value of Gumshoe as the Blue Badger.)
(Looks like there's something round buried in the ground here...)
Huh? What is it?
A trap... for detectives? You mean like those fierce traps with sharp teeth that are supposed to snag your leg?
Y-Your finger?
(...I'm not sure I know how to respond to a story as stupidly pitiful as that.)
This is Ms. Deauxnim's staff, isn't it?
But the detector is reacting to it.
(Isn't the whole point of a metal detector to find metal where you can't see it?)
Here, let me take a look at it.
Ack! The top is coming off!
Aaaaaaaaah!
A... A sword...
Is this... Could it be...
Hmm... It doesn't look like there's anything here.
(Alright, already... I'm not exactly a wiz at machinery, you know...)
I'd never have guessed there'd be a sword concealed in the victim's staff.
(...I officially give up on trying to figure out how Gumshoe's mind works. If the real scene of the crime was the Inner Temple Garden... Then why was the sword used to kill the victim found in the Main Hall Courtyard?) Hey, Gumshoe... Who knows about the hidden sword?
(Well, as they say, there's no "Team" in "Gumshoe".) It doesn't look like there are any traces of blood on it.
No, no, no! I'm sure someone just wiped it off after the murder!
(It's about the same length as the Shichishito, too. This must be the murder weapon!)

Wait up, Detective!
You're going to get that staff analyzed, right? Would you mind holding off for just a while?
Please! Just until we find Maya...
I don't know, but I'm starting to get a really bad feeling in the pit of my stomach.
Look, Maya's trapped inside the Sacred Cavern right now and... Well, we don't even know if she's OK or not... The more evidence and testimony I hear, the more uneasy I feel.
Please, Detective! Let's just wait until we can get inside the Sacred Cavern.
...
...I understand.
Thank you, Detective.
Gumshoe...
Sure... Thanks...
(I can't help but wonder, though... What was Elise Deauxnim doing with a staff like this in the first place...?)
But this is Ms. Deauxnim's staff, right? That would mean she was killed with her own weapon.
And there's something else that's bothering me, too.
Ms. Deauxnim was an author and an illustrator, right? So what was she doing carrying a sword around with her?
(...I'm beginning to see why he receives the salary he does.)
Hey, Edgeworth... Did you know that Iris had a twin sister...?
Sister Bikini told me. But... The problem is, she didn't know the name of this twin.
Well, Iris was taken in by the temple when she was really young. Apparently her sister was raised by her father. A jeweler, I think.
I had a feeling you'd say that. Let me guess... Her name is Dahlia Hawthorne, right?
Please tell me what you know about her, Edgeworth... Please.
You're talking about Terry Fawles, right?
You're not the only one who noticed something about Iris and Dahlia Hawthorne. I checked one of Mia's old files from six years ago.
Her sister?
Oh... (And this is when she entered my life... The woman who tried to kill me.) So after Terry Fawles died, what happened to Dahlia? Did you check that out?
Why are you so sure about that?
What?
What do you mean by, "Dahlia Hawthorne is dead", Edgeworth!?
...!
(At the time... Dahlia... It's like she was possessed by a demon or something...)
E-Executed?
... (There's no way to revive the dead...? Hmm... I wonder...)
It seems you're not aware of one other connection yet, Edgeworth.
It's about Iris and Dahlia Hawthorne's mother.
She's Morgan Fey. A spirit medium from a branch family of the Kurain Channeling Technique.
D-Do you know something about it?
(Fraudulent...?)
...Edgeworth...
(Of course... How could I forget... Edgeworth was the victim in that case.) Edgeworth... You'll understand someday... And then, you'll see that the Kurain Channeling Technique is real...

I think it's time you told the truth about what you were doing on that night.
You said you were in your room at Hazakura Temple the entire time. Do you still claim that to be the truth?
Iris... I believe you're innocent. That's why I want to believe what you're telling me, too. But I can't. Because this person saw you somewhere else on the night of the murder!


Well, Iris!? I trust you, so you need to trust me.
Why not?
(Oops. Looks like I screwed up there...)
I'm talking about Sister Bikini, of course.
Her testimony in court today was very clear.
Sister Bikini didn't just see you, she spoke with you. You two talked about Maya's training that night. So you see, Iris... ...you were there at the Inner Temple on the night of the murder!
What time was that?
... I'm sorry, Iris, but lying just doesn't suit you.
Now, you say you left the Main Hall at 9:40 PM, but what you say doesn't add up with this!


Huh?
(Nngh... I didn't know she could be so harsh...)
Iris, what are you trying to hide...?
The more you lie about it, the more I know it's got to be something really important.
You yourself testified to the contrary, don't you remember? You said you rang the lights out bell at 10 o'clock that night.
Plus, only moments before you rang that bell... ...you were seen at the Main Hall by the most reliable witness I have.
Me.
We even spoke a little that evening. That's when you gave me this. Surely you haven't forgotten?
And that brings us to another puzzling fact, Iris. At 10 o'clock on the night of the murder... ...you were seen in two different places at the same time!
It's time you told me exactly what's been going on, Iris.
So far, I've managed to prove two things. First, on the night of the incident, you were at the Inner Temple. And second, at the exact same time, you were ringing the bell at Hazakura Temple! There's only one possible explanation for this apparent impossibility!
There is only one of you, Iris. You couldn't possibly have been in two places at once. That being the case, you were probably really at...
Yes? What is it?
I, umm... Well... The problem is, you spoke to witnesses at both the Main Hall and the Inner Temple. It's kind of hard to disprove either sighting, but...
N-No... (She got me there!)
... I'm sorry, Iris, but I can't do that.
On the night of the incident, you were seen in two different places at the same time. Which means, there must have been two of you. I can't think of any other explanation, Iris.
Impossible? I wonder... The way you're trembling certainly seems to suggest otherwise.


I... I guess so...
Well, I can't say with 100% certainty, but...
(I really need to get to the bottom of this. Iris is determined to hide something from me. I can't drag it out of her unless I can show her some irrefutable evidence.)
I have a firm grasp of the situation now, Iris. You have a sister, don't you? A twin sister, perhaps?
That's right. Dahlia Hawthorne. A woman I know only too well.
Yes, I know. Her sentence was carried out recently, wasn't it...?
I'm sorry.
There's no need to explain now, is there Iris? This "second you" who was here at the temple on the night of the murder... ...it was your twin sister, Dahlia Hawthorne!
Have you forgotten this, Iris? This is a channeling dojo, a training ground of the Kurain Channeling Technique.
That night... ...someone channeled Dahlia's spirit. And you knew about it! And that's the secret you've been trying to hide from me!
(Just as I suspected. The "Iris" that Sister Bikini saw at the Inner Temple on the night of the murder... It was Dahlia Hawthorne!) Why didn't you tell me this before!?
Excuse me?
You betrayed her? What do you mean?
(What is she talking about!?)
...!
How did you betray her, Iris?
What!?
What are you talking about!? Why would you help her!? Stealing 2 million dollars... from your own father! That's awful!
Huh?
R-Revenge?
What do you mean by revenge...?
(Her mother? She must be talking about Morgan Fey...)
(That would be Misty Fey... Maya's mother.)
And that's when you came here to Hazakura Temple?
Oh...
(I think I'm finally beginning to see how the pieces fit together...)
...That's what it looks like. Iris... There's just one more thing I want you to tell me.
During the incident in which your sister, Dahlia Hawthorne, poisoned a lawyer... ...she began relations with a certain college student in order to hide the evidence. That college student... Have you heard anything about him...?
... ...I see. Thank you for your help.
Thank you. (I suppose I'd better continue my investigation. There's still one giant secret left to unlock... Pearls's Psyche-Lock...)
(Look at that! They really did make a fire, right in front of the shack...)
(I think I've pretty much got all the evidence I need. Now I just need to find out what Pearls is hiding.)

After dinner on the night of the murder... ...you were supposed to be in Elise Deauxnim's room, reading a book together, correct?
You didn't go...?
(So Pearls never went to Ms. Deauxnim's room... Because she was too worried about something or someone else...) ...Pearls. On the night of the murder, you went to this place, didn't you...?

You went here, didn't you Pearls?
(Looks like she's still not going to open up to me.) This is where you went because you were so worried, right? Then the next question is, "Who or what were you so worried about?" Now, I'm going to take a guess, and you can tell me if I'm right or wrong, OK?
If I'm right, will you tell me the whole truth?
You went to this place for one very simple reason, and that is this:


Well Pearls? This is what you were worrying about, right?
What's that?
Huh?
(...Being chided by a 9 year old. How embarrassing... But there's really only one thing Pearls could have been worried about that night. She must have been worried about "her". There's no one else it could be.)
No, no, it's OK! I'll die of pneumonia if I nap in a drafty little shack like this! (I guess I'm going to have to think this through one more time from the very beginning.)
It's obvious what you were so worried about, Pearls. It was Maya, wasn't it?
You knew the training Maya was undertaking was dangerous. After all, it was the Special Course.
Sister Bikini scared you with what she said, didn't she? And because it was you who introduced Hazakura Temple to Maya in the first place... ...you felt responsible, didn't you?
Then we're clear now that you went to the Inner Temple that night, Pearls. What's not clear is what happened after that...
About what time was it when you headed over to the Inner Temple?
Until after 10? How did you know what time it was?
(She heard the lights out bell...?) The Hazakura Temple bell's pretty small though, isn't it? You must have really good hearing.
(She was trying to hear the bell...?) Tell me, Pearls... Why were you so worried about hearing that bell?
I think I know why. The reason you were so worried about that bell was because of this:


Huh?
(Looks like picking this piece of evidence wasn't so sharp of me, either.) ...A-Anyway! You said you couldn't afford to miss the sound of the lights out bell...
You were given some instructions to follow for that night, weren't you?
I presume you recognize these pieces of paper?
In the incinerator at the Inner Temple. Pearls... You were following the instructions in this letter that night, weren't you? That's why you couldn't afford to miss the sound of the lights out bell.
These instructions that were found in the incinerator... I believe they were written for you, Pearls.
As you can see, a large portion has been burnt... But the last section is still fairly legible. "As soon as you hear the lights out bell, you must channel her spirit."
Who was it, Pearls? Whose spirit were you supposed to be channeling?
(Taking into account the author of the note, and their purpose for writing it... ...whose spirit would Pearls have been trying to channel? Don't over-think it, Phoenix! It's pretty obvious who Pearls was supposed to channel...) The person you were trying to channel that night, Pearls, was...


Well, Pearls? Am I right?
(Poor kid. It's really getting her down.)
(I should have all the evidence I need, so what am I not getting here...?)
It was Dahlia Hawthorne, wasn't it? That was the name that was in the letter.
(It's just as I suspected... It wasn't Iris who Sister Bikini met at the Inner Temple that night... It was Dahlia Hawthorne!) Do you know anything about her, Pearls? Do you know what kind of a woman Dahlia Hawthorne was?
(I thought so. Pearls doesn't have a clue. She doesn't know that Dahlia is her sister...) About the instructions in the letter I found, Pearls... Who wrote them?
Whoever it was asked you to channel the spirit of someone you'd never heard of... You must have quite a lot of respect for them.
After all, you followed their instructions without question. So here's my next question. Who wrote this set of instructions for you to follow...?


This is the person who wrote the instructions, isn't it Pearls? You must have had a lot of faith in them to follow their instructions to a tee!
Oh! Thanks!
(Ouch... Pearls sure can be blunt when she wants to be... Alright now, think! Someone who Pearls would trust, no questions asked... There can't be many candidates for that post.)
Pearls... I have to wonder about something... You didn't have any idea what these instructions meant, did you?
But you followed them to the letter regardless. Why? Because it was your own mother who asked you. That's why.
I figured it out. The person who wrote you this letter was your own mother, Morgan Fey!
Alright, Pearls! It's time you started telling me the truth.
(Why's she holding back from me? I don't like this...)
Huh?
Whaaaat!?
Nnnnnngh... (She'd say anything rather than admit to carrying out those instructions... I guess I'll have to produce some more evidence, then. One more thing should do it.) ...Alright, Pearls. We both know someone carried out these instructions on the night of the murder. But you're right. There's no evidence that proves it was you.
However... I do know that whoever did it was a child.
It couldn't have been an adult... No adult would've made a simple mistake like that.
I'm sure you thought you were carefully following the instructions you'd been given. But you misunderstood some of the words, and this is the evidence that proves it!


This shows the mistake you made!
(But the person who read these instructions must have been a child. That's why they misunderstood the meaning of that word... It's the only explanation for how such a simple mistake could've been made!) OK, Pearls. I'll go over it again. The person who read these instructions...
It was you who splattered gravy on this hanging scroll, wasn't it?
Do you remember what was written in that letter? "Gravely roast the Master in the fires of Hades and bring our vengeance to fruition." But you didn't know how to read the words "gravely" and "roast" among others, right?
Remember the conversation you had with Ms. Deauxnim on the night of the murder...?
Sure, Ms. Deauxnim taught you how to read "gravely" and "roast". But what she didn't teach you... ...is what they meant!
And that's why you did it... That's why you covered the picture of the Master in gravy from that night's pot roast.
Just a tiny bit.
The gravy?
I see. And then?
The guest area?
Why didn't you just go to the Training Hall?
Pearls, did you fall asleep?
Anyway... Then you found yourself trapped at the Inner Temple?
(And let off some steam by chucking the gravy on the scroll while you cried...?)
Don't equate something so trivial with her experience, Larry.
So you channeled Dahlia Hawthorne's spirit?
You couldn't do it...?
(So she never managed to channel the spirit...) Is that why you think your spiritual powers are gone?
Isn't there any other explanation for why you couldn't channel a spirit?
Could you please tell me what it is anyway?
Someone else? What do you mean?
(Then that would mean on the night of the murder... ...someone else channeled her spirit before Pearls could. Someone else channeled the spirit of Dahlia Hawthorne!)
Her "final wish"...?
(Hmm... This letter... I definitely need to find out more about it.)
Yeah... I know, Pearls.
I-I guess so, yeah...
A picture?
(Like Larry knows anything about this stuff!)
(Someone had opened it already?)
Thanks, Pearls. You really helped me out.
... (Look at that innocent smile on her face. What am I supposed to say to her?)
G-Godot!
(I guess he's talking about Iris and the lock-breaking effort...)
W-Why do you say that?
What? You don't know what you're talking about! How can you say something like that?
I... I realize that, but...
But I didn't know anything about what was going on!
...!
It'll be alright, Pearls. I'm sure Maya's alive. You'll see for yourself tomorrow!
No clues here.
(I don't think I have enough evidence yet... I should investigate and gather some more clues before I try again...)
(Nnrgh! I've made too many mistakes!)
Ah... Morning, Pearls.
I'm sorry... We don't know yet. The investigation is still going on, so I wasn't allowed into the Inner Temple.
No... She's the defendant in this case, so she can't be at the Inner Temple. She's required to be here in court.
(I have to admit it's kinda strange...)
...Ed-Edgeworth. What's Iris doing over there?
Today's testimony...?
Wait, what!?
(Franziska von Karma... What are you up to...?)
What...!? Then who is?
G-Godot...
Yeah... Thanks, Edgeworth.
...You don't have to tell me that.
It's strange... On the way here, I decided that today would be the end of all this. Almost immediately after I made that decision, I felt myself getting stronger.
Thanks...
(...I still don't have answers for most of the riddles plaguing this case. The circumstances around the murder of Ms. Elise Deauxnim, no, I mean Ms. Misty Fey... The impossible flight Larry claims to have seen... And... What that woman is really after...) I will solve them all and bring this whole tragedy to an end!
... Umm... Your Honor...? Wh-What are you...?
I-I see, Your Honor... (So they're brothers! That explains a lot...)
(Iris... Why didn't she discuss this with me first...?)
I-It's alright... What is it...?
...Whaaaaaaat!? (Three minutes in court and I'm already covered in a cold sweat...)
(Grrr, that Godot... So this is the confession they were conferring about! It pains me to say this... ...but it looks like Iris's testimony was all a lie.)
(Iris was covering for someone...? Nngh... Now I'm definitely up the creek without a paddle... or a lifejacket.)
Huh...?
Sh-She's naming... MAYAAAAAAAAA!?

Th-That's ridiculous! Maya could never do such a--
(I thought I was prepared for the unexpected... But I never imagined the case would wind up going in this direction...)
(Something's not quite right. I'm sure it was established yesterday... ...that Iris never went to the Inner Temple that night. And that the person who did go was... that woman... ...Iris even admitted it.)

Sister Iris! Your testimony has changed quite a bit since yesterday. You stated yesterday that, on the night of the murder, you didn't go to the Inner Temple.
Umm, I... It was in the Inner Temple's Training Hall...
...!

You're saying that the victim attacked Maya... I mean Ms. Fey?
What were you doing at the time?
Why didn't you stop them from fighting!?
(This doesn't sound right... I don't believe this testimony for a minute!)

She moved in to deliver a fatal strike?
Wait a minute! What was this weapon...?
(A dagger, huh...?) And Elise Deauxnim tried to stab her with this weapon? ...To kill Ms. Fey?
...
...!
(Hmm... Do I have a problem with Iris's testimony...?)
(Iris is my client... I'd better not press her too hard...) The defense has no objection to Ms. Iris's testimony.
...Your Honor. I have a small problem with the witness's testimony.
Yes, well... N-Nevertheless...

She threw her staff away?
Sister Iris, let me make sure I've got this straight. The victim herself chose to throw away her staff?
... (Yeah, it's odd alright.)


...And then?
(This is bad... I still can't put the pieces together... Unless I find a contradiction in her testimony, Maya's going to get blamed for this.)

...So you're saying Maya Fey was the one who stabbed Ms. Elise Deauxnim. Sister Iris! Is that really what you saw?
Umm... I know that's supposed be a metaphor, but I don't get it.
(What does that mean...? Is Godot waiting for me to point out the contradictions?)
(I'd like to avoid the whole spirit channeling thing if I can... Not only would it be inadmissible as evidence... ...but I think it might actually hurt our standing with the judge. First I need to pick her testimony apart and expose the unnatural-sounding parts... I don't know why Iris would tell a story like this... ...but there are two things I noticed that just don't add up!)
Sister Iris... There's something strange about your version of events.
Ms. Deauxnim throwing her staff away makes no sense at all to me.
Naturally you wouldn't know this, Sister Iris, but... ...the victim's staff had a special feature about it. As you can see, it's a sword.
If Elise Deauxnim really had wanted to kill Maya Fey... ...she wouldn't have needed to use a separate dagger! Not when she already had a beautiful blade in her hands already! ...Well, Sister Iris? What do you have to say?
...!
Um, well...
(But there is something strange about this whole testimony!)
...Very well, Your Honor. The defense will now present evidence to back its argument.
I have here another piece of evidence that shows that this testimony can't be trusted. Because Ms. Elise Deauxnim would never attempt to take the life of Maya Fey!


Eh...
Arrrrgh...!
(I still don't think that Ms. Deauxnim would ever attack Maya... If you think about their relationship, it's obvious!)
...Elise Deauxnim would never have attacked Maya Fey.
Because the victim's real name was not "Elise Deauxnim". Her real name was... "Misty Fey".
Misty Fey is the Master of the Kurain Channeling Technique. She is also... ...the mother of Maya Fey!
There's no doubt about it. (It looks like Iris had no idea...)
The idea that she would try to kill her only daughter, one she hadn't seen in 17 years... Perhaps the prosecution can offer some explanation for why she would do such a thing!
Umm... Could you get to your point?
Wh-Where did you find that? I didn't see that when I investigated the crime scene!
Huh? The pine tree...?
(Didn't you say it was your 8th just a few minutes ago!?)

Iris, where were you standing when you witnessed all this?
Well, if either of them had noticed you... ...they might not have continued their battle.

What happened to the victim's staff then?
(Nothing sounds especially strange yet...)

You're saying that Maya Fey turned the tables on the victim?
(I still can't believe it... The idea of Maya cornering someone at knifepoint! It's just silly!)
I believe the correct description of a cornered fox is "scared and petrified".
(You were the one who started it!)

Are you absolutely certain that's what you saw!?
"Almost"...?
(What did she just say!?) S-So in other words, it could have been someone else entirely...!
Nnrgh... (I don't have anything to counter that yet...)


Where did that dagger go?
After being stabbed in the stomach, did the victim collapse right away?
(It seems like a reasonable story at first... But... there's one thing that is completely impossible. The very idea of Maya stabbing someone... That alone is impossible! Which means... ...this faulty testimony must contain another contradiction in it somewhere.)
...Something about you just isn't right today, Iris!
Until now, I didn't think you were the type to make such a careless mistake. However! The testimony you just gave contains quite a few contradictions.
According to you... ...Maya Fey stabbed the victim, who had her back to the stone lantern... Correct?
But in that case, the victim would've been stabbed in the stomach, right?
But! According to the autopsy report... ...the cause of death was due to blood loss from a stab wound in her back.
This proves that the victim was stabbed from behind, not from the front! Sister Iris! It appears another seed of doubt has sprouted from your testimony!

Could you please knock it off with the cheesy proverbs and illogical metaphors already!? The point is, too much of this testimony just doesn't make sense! Throwing away a useful staff, the people fighting being mother and daughter... And now, she falsely claims the victim was stabbed in the stomach!
Well, Iris... How about it!?
What do you mean...?
...!
(Hmm... I did wonder what that stone lantern was there for...)
Impossible...?
N-- Nooooooooooooooo!
(Why is the judge just sitting there with that look on his face...?)
(Oooh boy...! So the judge didn't know about that yet...)
We're talking about the message written in blood...
(C-Could it be...? He can't see the bloody writing at all...!? Now that I think of it, he did say something to me yesterday...)
(So that's what he meant by that...)
(Godot is literally shaking, and somehow, I don't think it's from caffeine overdose.)
(Th-That's... just wrong!)
(I believe you're looking for "twist of fate", Your Honor.)
...Yes, Your Honor.

So you waited until everything was over before making a move?
(...Isn't it your job as the judge to mediate the argument!?)

So then... You knew...? You knew the significance of the name "Maya Fey"...?
(That's odd... I mean, Sister Bikini didn't recognize Maya's name, let alone her position...)

Why did you do that?
(The snow, huh...?)

It's pretty amazing you could make it all the way across... That's a rickety old bridge.
...But there's one other thing that bothers me. Why not just throw the body into the Eagle River?
It would have been much easier than dragging it all the way to Hazakura Temple.


The snowmobile? (I knew that would show up sooner or later...)
(This is the part that was in question the other day. Should I ask for more details...?)
(...Forget it, there's plenty of other things to go after in this testimony. Iris had the key to the snowmobile. There's nothing strange about that...)
Let me hear more about this snowmobile ride.
(Godot... What are you up to now?)
You think she missed it...? (That doesn't sound right...)
(What was that all about...? Why would Godot want to give me a hint...!?)
If you really did move her body by snowmobile... ...then there should be tracks left in the snow, right?
This picture was presented at yesterday's trial... ...Are these the tracks from that ride?
But... I can only see one set of tracks here.
(Nothing I've heard sounds strange at all. I'd better not get too worked up about it...) ...I'm fine, Your Honor. I have no problems with her testimony.
(When the murder took place, the snow had already stopped...? That doesn't make sense if you stack it up against the other evidence.) ...Your Honor! I'd like the statement Iris just made added to the testimony!
All will be made clear if you allow her statement to be added to the record.

Is that what you were doing when Sister Bikini saw you?
("Probably"...? More like "definitely".)

There have been a lot of contradictions in your testimony so far. This time... are you sure it's all true?
When the murder happened,the snow had already stopped. According to you, that's why the snowmobile tracks were so clear...
(I think I've trapped her this time.)
(If the snow really had stopped by the time of the murder... ...it'd mean there's a bigger hole in her story than that movie The Grid: Revelations!)
(I don't want to believe it, but I don't think my logic is failing me... ...Iris is trying to pin the murder on Maya! But why would she want to do that...? There's only one reason I can think of...)
...You claim that the snow had already stopped when the murder occurred. But I'm sorry, Iris. That just isn't possible.
This is the weather data from the night of the murder. According to this, the snow didn't stop until 10:50 PM. But you couldn't have crossed Dusky Bridge at that time.
Because 5 minutes before the snow stopped... ...Dusky Bridge was struck by lightning and had caught on fire.
It looks like you still haven't figured it out. No matter how hard you try to deceive or conceal the truth... ...you can't pull the wool over the eyes of a real defense attorney!
The bridge was already on fire when the incident took place. That's right! The Inner Temple was already totally cut off from the outside world! There's no way she could have crossed the bridge, body or no body!
S-S-Squat!?
...! (H-He makes a good point... on both accounts.)

You have stood at that witness stand and testified this entire time! Are you telling us now that your memory of that night is hazy...?
Wh-What is it...?
Ugh...! Well not exactly, no... (I know there must be some other way she got across that burnt-out bridge. But unless I can somehow demonstrate it... We'll never know the truth!)
Aaaaaack!
(...Will this be her final testimony...!?)
(Unless I do something to discredit this testimony... ...it's going to be deemed as the truth... ...and Maya will be accused of murder!)
...!
(The more sense he makes, the less sense he makes...)

Yes, but if the snow had already stopped when the incident took place...
...!

A dead body flying over a burning bridge... I wouldn't exactly rule out the possibility.
I don't know about that. In any case... We have a witness who did see it happen.
(I can't chicken out here... I've gotta keep on the attack and go, go, go!) Ms. Elise Deauxnim's brilliant and highly-gifted apprentice, Laurice Deauxnim!
...Remember what he said in his testimony. That night he was at the mountain shack, Heavenly Hall. And that's when he witnessed the event. I think you've all seen this sketch before! It's an exact drawing of what he witnessed that night!
(Uh-oh... The judge looks like he's about to blow a gasket.)
Y-Yes... I'm pretty sure it does, and I'm going to prove it!
...!
(Upside-down...? Why did Godot say that...?)
It all comes back to this!
I admit that I didn't really understand it before... But I get it now! That's why I believe this sketch shows the truth!
(I don't think old whisker-face is going to forgive any more mistakes! Alright, Phoenix. Look carefully and think it over!) This sketch drawn by Laurice Deauxnim is...
This sketch proves exactly one thing! ...Absolutely nothing!
(...I have a feeling my own life span just got shorter.)
Of course the victim was flying through the air! You can see it right there in the sketch! ...Whooooosh!
Whhhhhhhaaaaa!? (That was the last thing I wanted to hear...)
(Uggh... I wish they had.)
Nnnnrgh... (There must be some way. I just know it... There must be a way to use Larry's sketch to show the truth of what happened...)
Something is obviously funny about this sketch!
No, no! That's not what I mean, Your Honor. Laurice Deauxnim stated it over and over... That this sketch was exactly as he saw it. ...However! If we're to believe his testimony... ...then the sketch contradicts reality as we know it.


This flying figure, naturally! After all, people haven't learned to fly yet... Or did I miss something?
(Blushing only suits women, not the elderly. Anyway, what now...?)
I've decided to rethink the whole thing.
No, no! I'm not going that far back...
Your Honor! Please give me one more chance! (I'm in a tight spot now... What I really need to do is turn this case upside-down... So it's time for me to flip things around and get them straight again in my head...)

I believe it's somewhere... around here... Maybe.
... Well, the artist responsible for this sketch is a bit of a walking contradiction. So it's difficult to point out where the contradictions end and the truth begins...
(Blushing only suits women, not the elderly. Anyway, what now...?)
I've decided to rethink the whole thing.
No, no! I'm not going that far back...
Your Honor! Please give me one more chance! (I'm in a tight spot now... What I really need to do is turn this case upside-down... So it's time for me to flip things around and get them straight again in my head...)
It's this wire connected to the bridge!
It is indeed.


...Here's your evidence!
Huh...?
(I guess I just don't get it yet. I still don't understand what the truth behind this sketch is.)
(I'm still not too sure... But I'm certain I'm in the right ballpark! Somehow this wire is the key to explaining things!)
I've decided to rethink the whole thing.
No, no! I'm not going that far back...

But you seemed to be quite sure of yourself when you gave your testimony! You said you were sure the snow had already stopped.
...
(Does she really think an apology is going to get her off the hook?)

A dead body flying over a burning bridge... I wouldn't exactly rule out the possibility.
I don't know about that. In any case... We have a witness who did see it happen.
(I can't chicken out here... I've gotta keep on the attack and go, go, go!) Ms. Elise Deauxnim's brilliant and highly-gifted apprentice, Laurice Deauxnim!
...Remember what he said in his testimony. That night he was at the mountain shack, Heavenly Hall. And that's when he witnessed the event. I think you've all seen this sketch before! It's an exact drawing of what he witnessed that night!
(Uh-oh... The judge looks like he's about to blow a gasket.)
Y-Yes... I'm pretty sure it does, and I'm going to prove it!
...!
(Upside-down...? Why did Godot say that...?)
It all comes back to this!
I admit that I didn't really understand it before... But I get it now! That's why I believe this sketch shows the truth!
(I don't think old whisker-face is going to forgive any more mistakes! Alright, Phoenix. Look carefully and think it over!) This sketch drawn by Laurice Deauxnim is...
This sketch proves exactly one thing! ...Absolutely nothing!
(...I have a feeling my own life span just got shorter.)
Of course the victim was flying through the air! You can see it right there in the sketch! ...Whooooosh!
Whhhhhhhaaaaa!? (That was the last thing I wanted to hear...)
(Uggh... I wish they had.)
Nnnnrgh... (There must be some way. I just know it... There must be a way to use Larry's sketch to show the truth of what happened...)
Something is obviously funny about this sketch!
No, no! That's not what I mean, Your Honor. Laurice Deauxnim stated it over and over... That this sketch was exactly as he saw it. ...However! If we're to believe his testimony... ...then the sketch contradicts reality as we know it.


This flying figure, naturally! After all, people haven't learned to fly yet... Or did I miss something?
(Blushing only suits women, not the elderly. Anyway, what now...?)
I've decided to rethink the whole thing.
No, no! I'm not going that far back...
Your Honor! Please give me one more chance! (I'm in a tight spot now... What I really need to do is turn this case upside-down... So it's time for me to flip things around and get them straight again in my head...)

I believe it's somewhere... around here... Maybe.
... Well, the artist responsible for this sketch is a bit of a walking contradiction. So it's difficult to point out where the contradictions end and the truth begins...
(Blushing only suits women, not the elderly. Anyway, what now...?)
I've decided to rethink the whole thing.
No, no! I'm not going that far back...
Your Honor! Please give me one more chance! (I'm in a tight spot now... What I really need to do is turn this case upside-down... So it's time for me to flip things around and get them straight again in my head...)
It's this wire connected to the bridge!
It is indeed.


...Here's your evidence!
Huh...?
(I guess I just don't get it yet. I still don't understand what the truth behind this sketch is.)
(I'm still not too sure... But I'm certain I'm in the right ballpark! Somehow this wire is the key to explaining things!)
I've decided to rethink the whole thing.
No, no! I'm not going that far back...

This is no joke! You're giving sworn testimony in a court of law!
Huh...!? W-Well, I... Naturally, it was, umm... ............
...B-But if it had been some kind of a special day, I would have remembered! For example, it was pouring rain on the day of my elementary school graduation!
What...!?

A dead body flying over a burning bridge... I wouldn't exactly rule out the possibility.
I don't know about that. In any case... We have a witness who did see it happen.
(I can't chicken out here... I've gotta keep on the attack and go, go, go!) Ms. Elise Deauxnim's brilliant and highly-gifted apprentice, Laurice Deauxnim!
...Remember what he said in his testimony. That night he was at the mountain shack, Heavenly Hall. And that's when he witnessed the event. I think you've all seen this sketch before! It's an exact drawing of what he witnessed that night!
(Uh-oh... The judge looks like he's about to blow a gasket.)
Y-Yes... I'm pretty sure it does, and I'm going to prove it!
...!
(Upside-down...? Why did Godot say that...?)
It all comes back to this!
I admit that I didn't really understand it before... But I get it now! That's why I believe this sketch shows the truth!
(I don't think old whisker-face is going to forgive any more mistakes! Alright, Phoenix. Look carefully and think it over!) This sketch drawn by Laurice Deauxnim is...
This sketch proves exactly one thing! ...Absolutely nothing!
(...I have a feeling my own life span just got shorter.)
Of course the victim was flying through the air! You can see it right there in the sketch! ...Whooooosh!
Whhhhhhhaaaaa!? (That was the last thing I wanted to hear...)
(Uggh... I wish they had.)
Nnnnrgh... (There must be some way. I just know it... There must be a way to use Larry's sketch to show the truth of what happened...)
Something is obviously funny about this sketch!
No, no! That's not what I mean, Your Honor. Laurice Deauxnim stated it over and over... That this sketch was exactly as he saw it. ...However! If we're to believe his testimony... ...then the sketch contradicts reality as we know it.


This flying figure, naturally! After all, people haven't learned to fly yet... Or did I miss something?
(Blushing only suits women, not the elderly. Anyway, what now...?)
I've decided to rethink the whole thing.
No, no! I'm not going that far back...
Your Honor! Please give me one more chance! (I'm in a tight spot now... What I really need to do is turn this case upside-down... So it's time for me to flip things around and get them straight again in my head...)

I believe it's somewhere... around here... Maybe.
... Well, the artist responsible for this sketch is a bit of a walking contradiction. So it's difficult to point out where the contradictions end and the truth begins...
(Blushing only suits women, not the elderly. Anyway, what now...?)
I've decided to rethink the whole thing.
No, no! I'm not going that far back...
Your Honor! Please give me one more chance! (I'm in a tight spot now... What I really need to do is turn this case upside-down... So it's time for me to flip things around and get them straight again in my head...)
It's this wire connected to the bridge!
It is indeed.


...Here's your evidence!
Huh...?
(I guess I just don't get it yet. I still don't understand what the truth behind this sketch is.)
(I'm still not too sure... But I'm certain I'm in the right ballpark! Somehow this wire is the key to explaining things!)
I've decided to rethink the whole thing.
No, no! I'm not going that far back...

...Well, I don't see why there couldn't be a way across!
...!

A dead body flying over a burning bridge... I wouldn't exactly rule out the possibility.
I don't know about that. In any case... We have a witness who did see it happen.
(I can't chicken out here... I've gotta keep on the attack and go, go, go!) Ms. Elise Deauxnim's brilliant and highly-gifted apprentice, Laurice Deauxnim!
...Remember what he said in his testimony. That night he was at the mountain shack, Heavenly Hall. And that's when he witnessed the event. I think you've all seen this sketch before! It's an exact drawing of what he witnessed that night!
(Uh-oh... The judge looks like he's about to blow a gasket.)
Y-Yes... I'm pretty sure it does, and I'm going to prove it!
...!
(Upside-down...? Why did Godot say that...?)
It all comes back to this!
I admit that I didn't really understand it before... But I get it now! That's why I believe this sketch shows the truth!
(I don't think old whisker-face is going to forgive any more mistakes! Alright, Phoenix. Look carefully and think it over!) This sketch drawn by Laurice Deauxnim is...
This sketch proves exactly one thing! ...Absolutely nothing!
(...I have a feeling my own life span just got shorter.)
Of course the victim was flying through the air! You can see it right there in the sketch! ...Whooooosh!
Whhhhhhhaaaaa!? (That was the last thing I wanted to hear...)
(Uggh... I wish they had.)
Nnnnrgh... (There must be some way. I just know it... There must be a way to use Larry's sketch to show the truth of what happened...)
Something is obviously funny about this sketch!
No, no! That's not what I mean, Your Honor. Laurice Deauxnim stated it over and over... That this sketch was exactly as he saw it. ...However! If we're to believe his testimony... ...then the sketch contradicts reality as we know it.


This flying figure, naturally! After all, people haven't learned to fly yet... Or did I miss something?
(Blushing only suits women, not the elderly. Anyway, what now...?)
I've decided to rethink the whole thing.
No, no! I'm not going that far back...
Your Honor! Please give me one more chance! (I'm in a tight spot now... What I really need to do is turn this case upside-down... So it's time for me to flip things around and get them straight again in my head...)

I believe it's somewhere... around here... Maybe.
... Well, the artist responsible for this sketch is a bit of a walking contradiction. So it's difficult to point out where the contradictions end and the truth begins...
(Blushing only suits women, not the elderly. Anyway, what now...?)
I've decided to rethink the whole thing.
No, no! I'm not going that far back...
Your Honor! Please give me one more chance! (I'm in a tight spot now... What I really need to do is turn this case upside-down... So it's time for me to flip things around and get them straight again in my head...)
It's this wire connected to the bridge!
It is indeed.


...Here's your evidence!
Huh...?
(I guess I just don't get it yet. I still don't understand what the truth behind this sketch is.)
(I'm still not too sure... But I'm certain I'm in the right ballpark! Somehow this wire is the key to explaining things!)
I've decided to rethink the whole thing.
No, no! I'm not going that far back...
(I've come all this way, so I owe it to everyone to figure this out... But how do you transport a body across a burning bridge...? Even if I don't know the exact answer yet, it's OK. I'll start by examining all of my evidence, and see where that takes me... I've gotta be like a shark... If I don't keep moving, I'm as good as dead!)
Yes. Now, compare the sketch and the photo for a minute. In the sketch, the wires appear to be above the guard wires. But on the actual Dusky Bridge...
The wires are... below the guard wires!
...With someone like Laurice, I admit a mistake is a definite possibility. But then that begs the question... "Why did he make a mistake?" What was the reason?
Listen! Think back, alright? Remember what Laurice was doing when he witnessed this event. ...He was at Heavenly Hall waiting for a lover that was never going to come. He waited and waited, and finally he laid down. ...But then! Lightning shoots from the sky and sets the bridge aflame! Now ponder what sort of position Larry must have been in at the time... He was lying on his back, which is why he remembered the scene the way he did.
But it does, Your Honor. That is the reason why the wires in the sketch go up instead of down...
Laurice Deauxnim witnessed the event while he was lying on his back, face up. In other words, the scene that he saw... ...was actually upside-down!
I think you finally get it, Your Honor. The correct way to view Laurice Deauxnim's sketch is like this! This is how it should actually look! The victim's body wasn't flying above the bridge! It was actually swinging below! ...That's right! Just like a pendulum!
...The bridge was burning to a crisp. There was no way to get across it. But if the body had been found at the Inner Temple, it would have caused problems. This is where the criminal decided to take a gamble. They used the burning bridge to get the body across to the other side. And a pendulum was the only way to get it done!
...Yes, that sounds right.

(The lightning strike that night can only have been an accident. So it doesn't make sense that the criminal would have prepared the rope beforehand. So then, the criminal...) They didn't have to get the rope ready... The rope was already right in front of the criminal.
I'm saying that it was just a matter of using what was already there.


Huh...?
(I should have figured I'm not going to win this one with a lucky guess...)
Wait! But that's the only possible way the body could have gotten across!
If you want to know where the rope came from... ...it's hanging right there in front of your glorious beard!
When the lightning struck the bridge and set it on fire... ...one of the suspension wires came loose from its anchor. The criminal didn't have any time to waste. So they tied the wire around Elise Deauxnim's body... ...because there was simply no other way to move the body!


...Here's the proof!
(...It's kinda nice when they don't spend too much time thinking of a witty retort.)
(I need to think about how this body was moved... The criminal decided to use the pendulum method as a last resort... So there's a good chance there's still a clue from when or where the body landed.)
Before I present my evidence, let me review what we know so far. According to this photo, one of the wires snapped. Looking at the map, we can see it's the one that was in front of the Inner Temple.
Yes, precisely. Now let us consider the body's movement by looking at the overhead map again. If the body was pushed from this point here... ...it would drop on the opposite bank at approximately this point.
Well, they must have failed to catch the body on the other bank.
Because I have evidence that suggests her body dropped some distance.
...Take a look at this autopsy report. It says here that her body fell about 10 feet after her death.
That's most likely the height difference between the two sides. The body over swung due to forward momentum but then came loose and fell about 10 feet. And then, as a result of the landing impact... ...this crystal sphere was knocked loose!
Yes, this blood-stained amethyst crystal... It's the one that came off of Ms. Elise Deauxnim's staff! And even more important is the place where this crystal sphere was found!
...Precisely, Your Honor. In the very spot where the pendulum would arrive if given the right amount of speed!
...Huh?
Um... The rest of the court doesn't speak Coffeenese. Can you elaborate a bit more?
...!
...Yes, Your Honor. (The body couldn't have made it to Hazakura Temple without an accomplice!)


(I can't get my facts all mixed up like this! After the accomplice received the body, they carried it to Hazakura Temple... Then they altered it using the Shichishito! There's only one person it can be...!)
It can only be you... Sister Iris.
...I don't see why you're so surprised. The only way to transport the body from Dusky Bridge is by snowmobile. But with her bad back, Sister Bikini could never pick up a body like that. ...You're the only one that could have managed it.

I haven't forgotten. But have you, Mr. Godot? This witness was also seen at Hazakura Temple... ...desecrating the corpse of the victim.
...Sister Iris. Let me ask you something... Why didn't you mention it when you first gave your testimony?
The pendulum, of course. Using this sketch drawn by an eyewitness... I have established how the body was moved using the burnt-out bridge. Which means it's now a fact that this occurred, something you should've already known.
But the body couldn't have been passed along to the other side without your help! So you should have known about it! In fact, it'd be impossible for you to be clueless about this whole thing... ...unless you're not really Iris to begin with.
(There's no one besides Iris that could have received the corpse that night! Now I get it... Now I know why I've been sick to my stomach during this trial. Why her whole demeanor changed so suddenly from yesterday... ...and why she's trying to pin this murder on Maya...) The woman that's standing there at the witness stand... Her real name is...!


(No, wait! That can't be it! This is no time to be making stupid, amateurish mistakes!)
Uuurgh...! (Come on! This one's a no-brainer!)
I never thought I'd have to utter your name again... Let alone see you. ...It's been a long time, Dahlia Hawthorne.
Sister Iris had a twin sister. ...And you're looking at her. Ms. Dahlia Hawthorne.

...You of all people should already understand. After all... The blood of the Master of the Kurain Channeling Technique flows within that body.
...That's right. You're not Dahlia Hawthorne herself. You're the spirit of Dahlia, currently inhabiting the body of a spirit medium!
Well, if you're going to put things that way, then... Yes.

Naturally it was no coincidence. The whole thing was part of a plan from the very beginning. It's all written right here in these instructions...!
These instructions were written by your mother, Morgan Fey! And part of the plan called for Dahlia Hawthorne to be channeled! That night... ...there were two Irises at Hazakura Temple.
Even the time of the channeling was planned out. "As soon as you hear the lights out bell"... In other words, 10:00 PM. However, Iris was seen before dinnertime.
And the Iris who gave me this hood in the Main Hall was also the real Iris. Meaning that the Iris Sister Bikini saw at the Inner Temple... ...was someone else dressed as her! Namely, one Dahlia Hawthorne!
Whaaaaat!?
...That's right.
...Yes.
Y-Yes, I suppose... (I can't deny any of that...)
(But something still seems off... Way off...!) I'm still not convinced that the Iris here is the same one from the other night.
(Iris doesn't have the spiritual power needed to channel Dahlia. Which means... ...they must have switched places somewhere.)
... (Hmm, I can't think of one... She certainly couldn't have escaped while she was under arrest!)
(No! If I give up here, I'd never be able to live with myself... Even if it's a little forced, I have to think of something!)
...Your Honor! I think there might have been one chance.
Yesterday for a few minutes, Iris's whereabouts were unknown.
What I mean is... There was a span of time in which Iris was able to moveabout freely, unsupervised.
(I'm sorry... I know you didn't mean to... It wasn't your fault...) The person who gave Iris the chance to freely move about was...


(Yesterday, Iris was escorted to Hazakura Temple... ...in order to remove the locks on the Sacred Cavern! That would have been her only chance...!)
...Your Honor. There was a fairly large earthquake yesterday, was there not?
We went to the Inner Temple right away. And it's true, Iris was already there. However... ...they had already switched places by that point in time. When I arrived at the Training Hall, I was met by none other than Dahlia Hawthorne!
...
(Dahlia Hawthorne... I never thought we'd meet again. And I never thought we'd meet like this... But this time, I'll end it! For her, and for myself...)
...

Wait a minute! Did you just say the plan was to kill Maya Fey...?
Don't give us that nonsense! There's no way that--
(To kill Maya...? Could it be true!?)

You were executed last month, correct?
How did you manage to discuss the plan? When did you talk with Morgan Fey?
All to make Pearl Fey the Master of Kurain...?
I just want to know one thing... What did you personally think of Morgan Fey's plan?
If that's how you feel, why did you help her carry it out!? Why would you do it...? Why would you kill Maya!?
So then tell me! Why!?
What did you say...!? (So this woman, Dahlia Hawthorne... She had her own reason for wanting Maya dead...!?)

You're talking about Pearl Fey, is that correct?
You mean Iris...?
I just want to know one thing... What did you personally think of Morgan Fey's plan?
If that's how you feel, why did you help her carry it out!? Why would you do it...? Why would you kill Maya!?
So then tell me! Why!?
What did you say...!? (So this woman, Dahlia Hawthorne... She had her own reason for wanting Maya dead...!?)

Maya would have to die!? But why!?

But Pearls would never agree to a plan like that! She adores Maya...
Th-That's ridiculous...!
(How could anyone do that...?)
I just want to know one thing... What did you personally think of Morgan Fey's plan?
If that's how you feel, why did you help her carry it out!? Why would you do it...? Why would you kill Maya!?
So then tell me! Why!?
What did you say...!? (So this woman, Dahlia Hawthorne... She had her own reason for wanting Maya dead...!?)

Y-You...? You were going to kill Maya?
Grrrr...!
Backstabber...?
I just want to know one thing... What did you personally think of Morgan Fey's plan?
If that's how you feel, why did you help her carry it out!? Why would you do it...? Why would you kill Maya!?
So then tell me! Why!?
What did you say...!? (So this woman, Dahlia Hawthorne... She had her own reason for wanting Maya dead...!?)

You think the plan was a success?

Th-That's absurd! M-Maya is just... She's just trapped! Trapped inside the Sacred Cavern!
...!
...
I just want to know one thing... What did you personally think of Morgan Fey's plan?
If that's how you feel, why did you help her carry it out!? Why would you do it...? Why would you kill Maya!?
So then tell me! Why!?
What did you say...!? (So this woman, Dahlia Hawthorne... She had her own reason for wanting Maya dead...!?)

Obviously... It's because you were helping Morgan Fey.
(So she wasn't actually cooperating with Morgan... She was just using Morgan and her plan so she could accomplish her own goal!)
(Revenge...? It looks like I have no choice but to present that piece of evidence...)

(I can't believe it! She meant to kill Maya... I've got to keep a cool head! And... I need to get more information out of her. It's the only way to understand this plan, and what she was after as well!)
Could it be... ...that your actual goal had nothing to do with Maya Fey herself...?
(I somehow knew this was it...)
Just for that!? For that you would kill Maya!? Your goal was no different than that of Morgan Fey!
Grrrr...!
(So... it was Elise Deauxnim who channeled her after all.)
S-So then you... Y-You're saying you s-stabbed Maya!
You were stabbed!?

That's not like her at all! Maya wouldn't stab a French fry with a plastic fork!
(I-I can't believe she was thinking of that until the bitter end...)
Interrupted...?
Could it have been... Maya!?
Why not!?
(That morning... only two people could have gone into the Training Hall. Maya and... Pearls... Pearls went there to cover the hanging scroll in gravy.)
Lady Luck...?
...The real Iris?
What do you mean your plan had succeeded?
Ugggh... NOOOO WAY!!

R-Ridiculous! That's nonsense...
What...!? What do you mean? Wh-What is this so-called evidence!?
Huh...?
Ooooh... Uuuuuhhhh...
(What kind of ringtone is that...?)
That's great! What about Maya?
Huh...?
So... what about Maya? Where is she?
N-No... It can't be...
No... Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
(It can't be...)
...!
...! (Wh-What...!?)
(So it's impossible...? Maya couldn't have thrown herself into Eagle River...?)


Ugh...!
(Huh...? What's that...? I wouldn't reach it...?)
It's impossible to jump into the Eagle River from the Inner Temple side... No one knows that better than this witness!
Eleven years ago, you jumped into the very same river!
Just take a look at this overhead map! As you can see... ...below the cliff on the Inner Temple side is a big rock shelf!
She wouldn't have reached the river if she had jumped off from there. In other words... If she had jumped, we should be able to see her body in this photo!
Ms. Hawthorne... Have you ever heard this one before? "Once you eliminate the impossible... ...whatever remains must be the truth."
...Maya Fey wasn't inside the Sacred Cavern. We now know that she didn't throw herself into the Eagle River.
Now, although it seems improbable, there's still one other place she could be.
(Finally... I think the pieces are falling into place... Normally the living have no way to punish the dead... But I think there is a way to give Dahlia Hawthorne the ultimate punishment.) ...Shall I tell you, Ms. Hawthorne? Shall I tell you where Maya is this very instant!? Maya Fey is...
The Inner Temple was cut off from the outside world on the night of the crime. So in other words, Maya is still there!
Y-Yikes...! Guess my intuition was wrong.
It's already been proven that she isn't on the Inner Temple side! So that means... she must be somewhere in Hazakura Temple!
Y-Yikes...! Guess my intuition was wrong.
There's only one possibility left. Namely... she's right here in this very courtroom!
...Dahlia Hawthorne. I seem to recall that you said... "I had misunderstood one thing, you see."
But I think there's one more thing you misunderstood.
Tell me something. At this very moment... ...who is channeling Dahlia Hawthorne!?
...You're wrong. Pearls tried... but she couldn't do it.
Isn't there any explanation for why you couldn't channel a spirit?
Pearls even tried again on the day after the crime. But she couldn't do it... What could that mean? I think the truth is becoming clearer to you right about now, am I correct?
It wasn't Pearls that channeled you! There was someone who called you before she could!


(No, that's not who! How can I come this far and still not get it!? Pearls couldn't channel her. And Maya had disappeared... There's only one possible answer!)
P-Please... Give me just one more chance...
...This is an easy one. Pearls couldn't do it, and Misty Fey is gone. There's only one possibility left!
Dahlia Hawthorne! The person channeling you right now must be... Maya Fey!
It looks like you finally understand, Your Honor.
What I'm going on about is the reason Maya channeled you... And there's only one reason. To protect herself from you!
Yes. On the night of the crime, you were only interested in one thing.
The path to the Inner Temple was closed off and there was nowhere for her to run. So then the problem became... "Where would be the safest place to hide?"
All along you thought you had been channeled by Pearls... That's why it never occurred to you... ...that Maya's hiding place... ...was you!
...

Sorry, but no... It would have been impossible for her to jump into the Eagle River. ...This was the only avenue of escape open to Maya. The only way that Maya could disappear from the Inner Temple...!
... Well...
M... Mia!
That hair... It's Pearls, right?
Free...? What do you mean?
(So it was Maya who put that lock on there...)
P-Pearls?
Why not just admit it? ...Dahlia Hawthorne. Your little plan was nothing but a big failure.
Think about it, Dahlia. Remember all your past crimes? Not a single one of them was a success. They all ended in failure.
11 years ago... The fake kidnapping... Your very first crime. You got your hands on a 2 million dollar diamond. But... ...after Terry Fawles escaped and went to meet with Valerie Hawthorne... ...the truth was exposed.
And then... one year later. You tried to kill me.
Well... I'm still alive, but... ...you wound up killing someone else. As a result, you were sentenced to death. ...It's one stupid move after another for you. But it's no longer funny.
And now this! You've messed up again! You let Maya Fey escape. Even though she was right there in front of you!
...I remember what you said earlier in the trial. You said there was no way we could punish you... ...because you were already dead.
Then you said... "Even when the body dies, the spirit, the ego, it lives on... forever."
It no longer matters! I don't care whether you win or lose anymore. The only thing I want... ...is for you to come out of Maya's body right now!
Yes, Your Honor.
............ Umm... Your Honor?
About this whole "spirit medium" thing... It's almost weird how comfortable you seem to be with the concept now.
(Hey! Isn't that the New Year's issue of "Oh! Cult!"!?)
(Hmm, never thought of it that way...)
W-What!?
Huh? Dahlia's testimony?
Th-This isn't over!?
N-No way...
Y-You mean... Maya!? ...You can't! She can't testify after what she's just been through!
...What is it?
Y-You've got some nerve!
...!
(...She's right. When I met "Iris" at the Training Hall yesterday... ...they had already switched places... and Iris was inside the Sacred Cavern.)
W-Well, it wasn't you fault. You were locked up this whole time... There's something more important than that, though. I have to ask you... Why did you help your sister out as much as you did?
If you had tried to get help at the Sacred Cavern yesterday... ...you wouldn't have spent an entire day locked up in there.
Yes, but... it was the same for you too, wasn't it?
Are you talking about the fake kidnapping case 11 years ago?
(That was the case that wounded Mia so badly...)
Some people...? You must mean...
(...That's right...) ...Iris. There's one more thing that I have to ask you.
On the night of the murder... ...the person that cleaned up the corpse of the victim, Elise Deauxnim... Was it... Was it really you?
The path to the Inner Temple was cut off... Right?
I knew it... So the actual murder weapon was the staff.
But why... Why did you alter the body?
...Iris. Just tell me one last thing. Tell me the name of the person that called your cell phone. The real killer.
... I... I see...
Oh, um... OK... ("Something she wants to tell me"? So it's true... Iris cooperated with the real killer... Maybe even from the very beginning!)
Mia...! Umm... H-How is Maya doing!?
I-I see... ...! You don't mean...! She's learned who Elise Deauxnim really was?
...But why?
What do you mean by that?
(Iris wouldn't tell me who called her. But still... I think that just maybe... I know who it was.) That night, the victim was killed in the garden of the Inner Temple. And the criminal wasn't just there by accident. Which means... ...that the killer knew of Dahlia's plan from the very beginning.
(Exactly. So the criminal... ...was someone that wasn't in Hazakura Temple the following day...!)
OK, I've got it. ...Thank you, Mia.
(Finally... It's almost time to bring this case to an end. What exactly did Maya see anyway...? And who was it that actually killed Misty Fey? Whoever it was, I have to prove it... Me. All by myself.)
Tests...?
Oh yeah! That! (I totally forgot about it.)
So what are the results!? Was it the victim's blood, or...?
(So it wasn't Misty's blood on the dagger... Then whose was it...?)
I understand, Your Honor.
...Agreed.
(Maya...)
(Oh, Maya... The pain the Fey bloodline causes must be unbearable...)
Maya! The person who hit you... It was Dahlia Hawthorne, wasn't it!?
Maya, think hard...
... (Maya... Hang in there... She doesn't look well at all...)

Who else was on the Inner Temple side that night?
(On the day after the incident, Edgeworth met Bikini at Hazakura Temple. That means she couldn't be the criminal.) So then... did Iris actually come later like she said?
(She seems confused. It's probably because she's so tired...)

Who did it? Who hit you?
You didn't see the person...? But after that, your attacker was in front of you! How could you not see who it was!?
(Maya is really having a hard time... What should I do?)
(Considering the conditions at the crime scene... ...it's not surprising she didn't see her attacker.)
...Come on, Maya, this isn't making sense. Why didn't you see this person?
(Which is why she didn't see her attacker... I thought maybe she was trying to hide something, but I guess not...)
...The spirit that was channeled by Elise Deauxnim... Dahlia Hawthorne!

What happened afterwards!?
Y-You... think...?
So what were the two things rolling around in your mind?
...

You think you screamed, but you're not sure?
(Wow, it sounds like poor little Maya really was out of her mind. But I wonder what she meant by "last hope"... What do I do? Do I press her for more details...?)
So you're certain that you screamed, "Help me!"?
(No, but... Something about that bugs me... Why would you face someone that's trying to kill you... ...and go through the trouble of screaming for help?)
(Maya is really emotionally and physically exhausted. I shouldn't go overboard. For the time being, I'll just play it by ear.)
Wait a minute, Maya. What's this "my last hope" stuff?
No, no, no! That's what you said...! You said, "my last hope."
...... Look, you were facing an attacker that you couldn't see and you screamed, right? You screamed, "Help me!"
But you testified that you screamed that because you thought it was your last hope.
(Maya's not doing so well up there...)
Wh-What did you just say...?
Wh-What is it now!?
Huh...?

A man? Who was this man?
You couldn't see...? (She's used this excuse twice now...)
...


Y-You don't mean...! W-Was it...?
(Is she saying that's when Ms. Deauxnim, who was channeling Dahlia... ...was stabbed in the back by the killer?)

So what happened next?
(I've worked side by side with Maya for 3 years now. When she hides something, I can tell by how she acts. And right now... I'm absolutely certain she's hiding something!)
...So there was a man standing behind your attacker?
That man... He's the killer. He stabbed her from behind. He's the one who killed Elise Deauxnim... Otherwise known as... Misty Fey, your mother.
Maya... You know who killed your mother, don't you.
To be frank, Your Honor, I think she is in shock and quite confused. That's why she hasn't noticed the huge problem with her testimony.
...Maya. On the night of the crime... that stone lantern was out of commission.
...It's true. There was no light anywhere in the garden that night.

Sorry, but that's not going to cut it!
If there truly was no light in the garden... ...then there's a fatal contradiction in the witness's last bit of testimony!
...May I?
Recall the witness's statement about her attacker. She said that she didn't know if it was a man or a woman, an adult or a child. ...And yet! The witness could describe a person that was standing behind her attacker... And she quite clearly described him as a man!
...In other words! That would have to mean that Maya actually saw our mystery person! Despite it being so dark that she couldn't see the face of the attacker in front of her!

There are some things that you can only see in the dark, Mr. Godot.
Maya, you did see who the killer was in the dark. And now... you're trying to cover for him.
There's only one conclusion I can draw from this... You know who this man is!
(Maya is dead set on protecting this guy... The man who murdered Maya's long-lost mother...! But... I can't let him get away with it. I'm a lawyer. An officer of the court. I'm here to find the truth!)


Urk...
...... (B-But I'm sure she saw the killer in the dark...! So the answer is clear! What is visible in the dark!?)
Because it was pitch black, Ms. Fey was able to recognize the killer easily. I'm sure the court would like to see for itself how this is possible, yes?
...It's easy. We just need to recreate the conditions of that night.
Your Honor! The defense officially requests... ...that all the lights in this courtroom be turned off!
Well, everyone...? This is the man Maya saw on the night of the murder!
Well, Maya!? How about it? What you saw that night... Was it 3 glowing red lights?
M-Maya!
Wha-Whaat?

So you lost consciousness when you were in the garden. Is that right?
So then the person that carried you into the Inner Temple...?
(So the killer carried Maya into the Inner Temple...)

Naturally the killer must have done it, right?
But why would the killer tamper with the crime scene like that? There must have been something that the killer desperately wanted to hide.
(It looks like she doesn't have enough confidence. I think I need to gather some more information before I ask her again...)

Naturally the killer must have done it, right?
But why would the killer tamper with the crime scene like that? There must have been something that the killer desperately wanted to hide.
You did?
...She may have thought that you had done it...

They did it for your sake...?
(Yeah, and if that happened, the body would have caused some other problems, too. If her real identity had come out right then, it would have been terrible. "Master of Kurain Killed by Own Daughter!" I don't think Maya would've been able to handle it...)


The torches were lit?
(I'm going to say it was the killer who lit the torches... I mean, who else could it be?)
(That's true... It's hard to see how that would be of any advantage to the killer. The only one who would gain anything from that would be... ...the only person that was at the Inner Temple, Maya.)

So you're saying the killer cleaned up the snow? (It did look really odd... The snow was removed in an unnatural-looking rectangular shape around the lantern...)
Well there's one thing I can think of... Didn't you say that a lot of the victim's blood sprayed onto the snow?
In other words... ...the killer's purpose was to hide the bloody snow. I think that's the most reasonable explanation.
(That's true... He could have scooped up just the snow that was stained with blood.)

So, you're saying that you never saw the killer, right?
But earlier you very clearly stated that... ...you saw a man behind your attacker.
(The killer certainly went through a lot of trouble... Moving the body by pendulum, manipulating the crime scene... But for what purpose...? Why do all that? Maybe Maya knows more than she's letting on...)
The body of Elise Deauxnim was carried all the way to Hazakura Temple's courtyard. Then at the garden, the real scene of the crime... ...the snow that we suspect was covered in blood was scooped up and removed. It's reasonable to believe all this was done in an attempt to hide the true crime scene. However... There's still one matter that still seems somewhat odd.
You must have figured it out by now, Mr. Godot... It's the message written in blood on the lantern.
It was written very clearly on the white stone lantern. "Maya"...
If the killer was so motivated to protect Maya from suspicion... ...then why didn't he wipe the writing off the lantern?
Indeed. But it doesn't make much sense to move the body and remove the bloody snow... ...then not wipe off the most incriminating thing of all -- the bloody writing!
(I don't know what the killer's plan was... ...but it's a fact that the killer left the writing on the lantern. There must be a reason for it!)
There's only one reason... And it's easier to spot than Sister Bikini in a bikini. It's because the killer is the one who wrote it!
...Huh?
... Oh yeah... She did say that, didn't she...?
Ugggghhh!
(I've got to recall everything I've seen and heard up to this point! The answer is there somewhere!)
There's only one reason! One as obvious as Jean Armstrong in a thong on the Riviera! ...The killer was trying to pin the crime on Maya!
...Huh?
Oh...
Ugggghhh!
(I've got to recall everything I've seen and heard up to this point! The answer is there somewhere!)
...Prosecutor Godot. Earlier in this trial, you gave me some good advice. "Once you eliminate the impossible... ...whatever remains must be the truth."
The real killer wanted to disguise the fact that a crime occurred there. If that's the case... They wouldn't have left the bloody writing on the stone lantern on purpose! Therefore, it must mean that they didn't notice it...
You're right... There is no way any "normal" person would.
There's only one person involved in this incident... ...who could have missed seeing the bloody writing altogether.


H-Huh?
(Is he telling me I need to leave the courtroom...?)
(I'm sure I'm on the right track! I've just got to think more carefully about all that's happened up to this point!)
Mr. Godot... This is what you said yesterday...
This lantern was submitted as evidence today. I would like the court to think back to the moment it was first presented.
...Mr. Godot. Just admit it. There are certain colors you can't see... Correct?
You can't see red on a white background, can you? ...That's right. We went through this once before. During the poisoning case at Trés Bien...
You could see the coffee on the white apron... ...But you couldn't see the ketchup. Because it was red.
(I wasn't sure about it until now, but... I just can't believe it... Prosecutor Godot is the murderer! But... There's no going back now. I've finally figured out the truth...!)
...Mr. Godot. The defense at this time formally accuses you. You are the murderer of Ms. Elise Deauxnim, also known as Ms. Misty Fey!
...!

I'm certain that the killer wasn't able to see the color red!
The answer is right there at the crime scene. In the snow...
Well, for example, why did the killer move all that snow...? Your Honor, you said it yourself. If they wanted to hide the bloody snow, why not take out just that area?
Yes. The killer couldn't see the red blood that had seeped into the snow. And so, he had to remove all of the snow! He couldn't be sure of where the blood had landed, so he removed the whole area!
...Not a chance. The torches were all lit. They would have been able to see fine.
Maya!
...... (Maya... Do you plan to cover for Godot no matter what the cost...? If that's the case, then I've got no choice.) ...Your Honor! Let's hear her testimony. If it means we're going to hear the whole truth, I say we should not silence her.
(Real smart, Maya. You always know the best things to say when you're under oath...)
... Let's get this cross-examination started.

So where did do you think Pearls slept that night?
It seems that Pearls became very worried about Maya.
(Pearls was supposed to channel Dahlia Hawthorne... But she couldn't do it. That's why she headed to the Inner Temple. However, Dahlia Hawthorne was already there... ...possessing the body of Elise Deauxnim.)

She searched the entire Inner Temple side, end to end...?
The Inner Temple side has two structures: the Training Hall and a spare prep room...
(There was a storage shack, too?) ...Pearls was looking for other people, right?
Would she have really examined a storage shack all that carefully...?

Pearls didn't hear the sound of them working on the bridge?
I was just wondering why she would stay in the prep room. If it was me, I'd at least go out and wait at the foot of the bridge.
(She couldn't let anyone see her... So she wouldn't have shown herself to Pearls.)

So it was your first time on the Inner Temple side, Mr. Godot?
"What you heard from someone else is simply not admissible as testimony." Those are your words. ...Your Honor.
(So he had never visited Hazakura Temple or the Inner Temple, huh...?)
(It's just like I thought. Godot is lying! If his first visit to the Inner Temple really was after the incident.. He shouldn't know about that piece of evidence!)
(In any case, I have to find a crack in Godot's armor! While I cross-examine Maya, that is...)


H-He cheered her up...?
(This guy is really beginning to get on my nerves... In more ways than one...)
(Hmm, maybe I should ask some questions, Phoenix-Style...)
No. I give up... This whole Phoenix-style thing, I mean.
(Then let it go already!)
So you cheered Pearls up?
(He had a thermos of coffee? Why doesn't that surprise me?)
You said that you conducted an investigation of your own. Did you find anything?
(Well, I didn't miss it, so speak for yourself, Goggles!)
Beauty...?
(Western tastes...? Could he find a stranger way to describe gravy...?)
...... (Wait a sec... What did Godot say just now? I think I just found his proverbial weak spot!)
(There's only one thing of any importance here... Where was Godot when the murder was taking place? He must have already been at the Inner Temple when it happened. Otherwise, he couldn't have killed Elise Deauxnim!)
...Mr. Godot. The first time you crossed Dusky Bridge and went into the Inner Temple... ...was long before the murder took place.
Because he just made one fatal slip-up. The hanging scroll in the Training Hall...
Maya... I know you know who it is, but here's something you didn't know. By the time the bridge had been repaired, two days after the murder... ...the hanging scroll in the Training Hall looked like this.
The morning after the crime, someone covered it with gravy.
Because gravy was much more than a condiment to the culprit. Well, Mr. Godot!? If you really hadn't seen the hanging scroll until after the murder... ...you wouldn't have had any way of knowing that it was Misty Fey!
...Yes?
Ah, that. It's the mark of the Master, correct?
True, but Mr. Godot described what was underneath like this. "Clad in her stunning Japanese garb surrounded by the hue and aroma of Western tastes."
Yes, it's possible that he knew what the crest meant. ...However! He couldn't have known that she was wearing Japanese clothing! Mr. Godot! On the day of the murder... ...you were hiding at the Inner Temple, long before the crime took place!
...What is it?
... Of course Mr. Godot knew about the plan.


(But there's only one way he could have known about the crime!)
...This crime was actually planned over a year ago. Morgan Fey authored the plan for her daughter's future... ...and these instructions were hidden somewhere in Fey Manor for a year... However, by the time little Pearls found these instructions... ...they had already been unsealed.
Yes. The killer had read these instructions long before Pearls ever found them. That's how he knew the crime was to take place at the Inner Temple!
You bet I am.
If he really wanted to know, he had one great chance to find out.
...During a visit.
Morgan Fey told her daughter, Pearl, about where the instructions were hidden... ...during one of her visits to the detention center. That would be the only time for someone to have learned where they were hidden.
Yes, it could be arranged if you were someone with easy access in and out of there. Like for example, a prosecutor such as Mr. Godot!
...This murder could not have been carried out without prior knowledge! And you...! You were the only one that could've acquired this information before the murder.
Umm... Sorry for always asking, but what does that mean?
That's right.

However... ...you had a good reason didn't you, Mr. Godot? An unshakable reason that forced you to protect this witness at all costs!
(Maya... I guess you were doing your best to cover for Godot... ...for the same reason, huh?)
It's very simple... Maya Fey is a lot more than just a stranger to you.
There's one person who lies at the very center of this whole story. One person that ties you and Maya Fey together inextricably!


(What am I doing...? If I think about Godot's true identity, the answer is obvious!)
...Yeah, maybe. I'm not sure... But I am sure about one thing!
There's a very good reason why Maya Fey's life is so precious to you! After all... She is Mia Fey's only sister.
You once worked alongside her. That was when you... were a defense attorney.
With Your Honor's piercing intellect, you must have figured it out by now... The real name of this man who calls himself "Godot"... His real name is... Diego Armando. Isn't that right?
It should, Your Honor. All of this is related to a single case... A case in which a convict named Terry Fawles killed himself... Mia Fey's first time in court. The tragic outcome left a deep wound in her heart. She knew that behind it all was a heartless, scheming demoness in disguise. But in the end, Mia couldn't tear off that disguise. However, there was one man who reached out to help her. ...Diego Armando, a senior defense lawyer at the office where Mia worked.
But you weren't dead at all!
I see...
If I may ask... What were your 2 reasons to live...?
Huh...!? M... M-Me?
...!
I... It wasn't like that...
That's how you overheard Pearls's visit with Morgan at the detention center.
(That makes sense... If Pearls had known that the actual purpose of the plan was to kill Maya... ...she never would have helped out.)
(Now that you mention it... Bikini did say something to that effect... She said that the Master of Kurain had great authority...)
You mean Pearls, don't you?
If she channeled the spirit first... ...then Pearls wouldn't be able to do it herself.
Godot...
Huh...?
M... Maya...
...
Maya... I know that!
But even so... It doesn't absolve him of his crime! ...Please, Maya. Testify.
This is the final testimony. Don't bother trying to hide anything, because I'll know. I want to hear the truth from your own lips...
...
(Maya is telling the truth this time, I know it... The rest is up to me!)

Lights shining in the dark? I don't think you could make a mistake about that.
(I don't get the feeling she's covering for him anymore, but...)
But just after that, you turned towards the lights and called for help. Isn't that because you thought the lights were coming from Mr. Godot's mask?
(Maya's life was in terrible danger at the time. There's no way she can remember the details of the scene perfectly.)

That blood... Was it Dahlia Hawthorne's blood...?
(Without a doubt, Maya was in the middle of a really dangerous situation...)

S-Struck back...!? How do you know that?
Could you still see the red lights you mentioned earlier?

They went out?
(If the red lights were coming from Godot's mask... And they went out right in the middle of a fight...)
(Or maybe it was knocked off.)
(What could have really happened then!?)

What do you mean by, "Just at that moment"? Do you mean the moment when the red lights went out?
The scream that you heard then, was it Dahlia Hawthorne?
That's got to be it.
(It sounds like a reasonable deduction, but I still kinda wonder...)
I think that's exactly how it happened.
I'm sorry to say this... ...but that interpretation would create an enormous contradiction!
Remember the testimony she just gave. Before the killer let out a scream... ...Maya said she had already been splattered by the victim's blood.
In other words, the blade in the staff had already been plunged into the victim!
She couldn't have struck back with a sword that was already stuck in her body. The weapon that caused the killer to let out a scream... ...must have been something other than the staff!
(There's only one thing I can think of... ...that could have been used as the weapon here!)


Well, Your Honor? What do you think?
Huh...?
Uggggh...! (How could I mess up at a time like this...?)

And what about the killer that stabbed Dahlia...?
I believe you... (On this point, I'm sure Maya isn't lying.)
(I've got to use this testimony to prove that Godot committed the murder! I really wish I didn't have to do it... But for some reason... I get the feeling that some part of Godot actually wants me to...)
Naturally, the dagger the killer brought to the scene of the crime.
This dagger was found at the crime scene, stuck into a pine tree.
Dahlia Hawthorne struck back at the killer with this! And she managed to wound him as well!

Have you forgotten that the blood has already been tested?
Since we learned it wasn't the victim's blood, it must be the killer's blood! The killer must have a wound somewhere on his body!
Exactly! A DNA analysis of the blood would prove it beyond a shadow of a doubt! And yes, Mr. Godot. It would prove that it's your blood!
(Is this the end...? Have I done it...? Even he won't be able to change the results of a scientific test!)
...!
What...?
Th-That's... It can't be...!
Whaaaat!?
M-Maya!
...That's right.
...Umm, Maya? Maybe he just changed his clothes? That'd solve the contradiction pretty easily.
Aaaaack!

W-Well, maybe he brought a change of clothes with him!
Nngh...! (Did the judge take smart pills during the last recess?) Well then! Maybe the killer took off his clothes before he committed the murder! That way he wouldn't get any blood on them!
Eh...
Aaaaaaaaah!
Urk...
...!
(If Mia Fey were here...?)
...
... (The question isn't whether I can prove it or not... The fact is, I have to prove it! That's the only choice I have. I was taught that it's one of the rules of being a lawyer!) ...I can prove it. I'm going to bring your magnificent vengeance to fruition, just as you want it.
...
Are you trying to pressure me, Mr. Godot? Because it doesn't matter to me. I've got the one piece of evidence I need.
(So what do I do at a time like this...? It's simple! I've gotta think outside the box and approach this from a different angle!)
...There's one thing I've demonstrated in the previous cross-examination. The killer was wounded. That was proven by the blood on the dagger.
There's one place... One place the killer could have hidden his wound.
(This is it! My last stand! I need to think about this from a different angle! I don't need to think about why there were no bloodstains on his clothing... I need to show how he hid the wound!)


...
W-Wait a minute! Give me one more chance!
Even as we speak, you're still hiding the wound! It's beneath your mask! During the fight, the red lights given off by the killer suddenly disappeared. Seconds later, the killer let out a scream. That's right. Your mask went flying off your face! Mr. Godot! Would you mind removing your mask? If you have a dagger wound under there somewhere... ...then I'd say this whole case is solved!
...?
But, but! You saved Maya!
Y-You're wrong! You put your life on the line to save Maya!
...
Mr. Godot...
Y-Your wound...! It's bleeding!
...!
...!
Apologize? To me? For what?
...Not exactly, but yeah, something like that. Even now... 6 years later, I can hardly believe it. She was going to do it... She was planning to kill me...
Huh...? What do you mean?
...... Huh. W-We only met t-twice?
N-N-No way! It just... It can't be true! I mean, during our whole relationship, we were...
(Huh? It wasn't Dahlia...?)
You... Y-Y-You mean...?
So that's why you...?
P-Prepared for the worst?
(You mean she was ready to kill me, don't you...?)
And that's why... you came to me? You came to get the bottle pendant back from me in her place?
That was a bit strange, wasn't it? Up until that day, you two were partners in crime, and she would confer with you...
...? Noticed what?
I-Iris...!
...... I have something to say to you, too.
You really are the person I always thought you were. Even after Dahlia Hawthorne was found guilty... I still believed in you.
Yeah... I think you're right.
(So I guess it's all over... The way everything ended... Was justice really served...? The man who risked his life to save Maya is being sent to prison by my own hand...)
M-Mia!
B-But I couldn't save Mr. Armando! The man who cared so deeply for you...
You mean... with that verdict...?
M-Mia...!
Mia...
(I've handled lots of cases and seen a lot of things... And along this journey, I've found myself asking just one question... What does it really mean to defend someone? ...I suppose today's case produced one possible answer.)
M-Maya...
Your sister...? Mia...?
B-But...
(Maya... How? How can you be so bright and chipper after all that's happened...? You were brutally attacked... You even saw your mother murdered...)
Yeeeowch! F-Franziska!
(Oh, that's right... I guess no one filled her in on that.) Edgeworth and Franziska have actually been helping me.
If these two hadn't been here on the first day of the trial... ...the defense wouldn't have gotten anywhere.
What's with the, uh... longer than usual face?
What? You're asking me!?
Huh? Oh, um... Y-Yeah, of course. ............
No, no, no! Umm, I... Oh yeah! Those portraits you painted! They were... really good. Isn't that right, Edgeworth!?
Pearls... (Where could she have gone? Normally she would have made a beeline for Maya...)
Y-Yeah...
(Franziska... That's right... She lost her father fairly recently as well...)
(Someone who was hurt more deeply than Maya...) Edgeworth... I think I'm starting to understand, too.
Owwwww!

The poor kid. After all, the reason that she worked so hard to follow the instructions... ...was because she loved and believed in her mother, Morgan. "It's for the good of the Fey clan"... I'm sure she believed in every last word. She thought she was doing it for Maya... That's why she was so happy. It shows how truly devoted she is to Maya.
(And that's exactly why Maya is putting on a brave face... She's doing it for Pearls's sake... Until she can see her smile again...)

H-Huh?
(It looks like... I still have a lot to learn about Maya.) Aaaaaargh!
What's up, Detective Gumshoe?
Umm... Detective Gumshoe. You said a first class French restaurant... You don't mean...?
(I knew it... We're doomed.)
(You know... Maya is taking an awfully long time to get back... She's still out looking for Pearls...) Oh... Maya... What's wrong?
Huh...?
...... Detective Gumshoe.
Could you guys go on ahead?
Maya and I will... We'll join you guys once we find Pearls.
Don't worry about us, Detective Gumshoe. We may be a little late... But we'll definitely be there. We have a lot of celebrating to do tonight, and I wouldn't miss it for the world.
We won't...
Let's go, Maya. There's only one place I can think of that Pearls might have gone to...
For Pearls, I bet this is a very important place. After all, it's where this whole incident started.
Ah...! Maya! The hanging scroll!
(It's got to be Pearls...)
That's why you came here?
"She'll always be with me, until the day I die", huh...
There's a rule or something all Masters are to follow, isn't there? To never take the charm off until the day you die...
The thing that Misty kept by her heart and would never take off... It wasn't the container that was important. Rather, it was the contents.
(It's only natural for living creatures to fight to protect their own lives. But what makes us human is that we fight for others. But who do you fight for? How hard must you fight...? That's the true measure of what human life is worth. We defense attorneys are warriors who are constantly challenged by that question. Even when the battle is over, and the bonds that connect us are severed... We always return... Time and time again. Mia, Maya, Pearls, Mr. Armando... ...and Maya's mother, too... I
Well... Shall we get going? Everyone is waiting.
This is a day to remember. A day when a lot of things were finally put to rest. I think we should celebrate what we've overcome today.
...Um, you know. There's one thing I don't get... and probably don't want to, but...
Reservations for training is fine and all... But why for three?
Huh?
Huh? Huh?
Huh? Huh? Huh?
...... ...You know... I was wondering if I can say just one little thing...
Well then... Here goes nothing...
