Not really.
I just thought that'd make a cooler entrance than, say, "hiya"!
Ah, sorry about that, Trucy. I'm on a... secret mission.
Ah ha ha! Would I do a thing like that to you? Anyway, I'm off for a while again.
Oh, one thing before I go.
............... Good luck.
......
...I think you have things pretty much under control. You'll get Machi Tobaye off the hook, no doubt.
But you're after that detective, aren't you?
It won't be easy proving he did it. Especially not under the current court system...
What did Prosecutor Gavin say during the trial? Your case is based on one fragile assumption. ...Namely, that our diva divine is telling the truth.
A piece of jewelry, and a lyrical blunder... There are plenty of other ways to explain these things. The flaming guitar, too. ...All because you lack definitive proof of their connection to the case.
If the sultry songstress is lying... ...your case melts like butter in a frying pan. Leaving behind the faintly singed scent of failure.
Like I said. Good luck. And be aware that it will be impossible to prove his guilt by conventional methods.
Oh, that reminds me. I have something to give you from our detective friend.
Let's see. This bag of snacks here was meant for me... Ah, here it is.
They were found at the scene. Analysis of the fragments revealed traces of gunpowder.
Probably a firecracker or something similar, like the ones kids are into these days. These fragments were found under the sofa at the scene of the crime, actually.
That's all for me, I suppose. See you after the verdict. Maybe.
Every man has an igniter inside him.
Find Daryan Crescend's igniter... and set it off.
It won't be easy proving he did it. Especially not under the current court system...
Like I said. Good luck. And be aware that it will be impossible to prove his guilt by conventional methods.
Every man has an igniter inside him. Find Daryan Crescend's igniter... and set it off.
It was my suggestion, actually.
According to the doctor... ...Lamiroir lost her sight due to some kind of "accident".
You know what changed her mind? Hearing your defense in there today. She could feel your gaze, unwavering, always looking straight at the truth.
I owe you my thanks, too, Apollo.
You reminded me I need to hurry things along. ...On my secret mission, that is.
