In the middle of the Space Center bombing trial, we had another bombing incident. This one destroyed Courtroom No. 4. Furthermore, Apollo suffered massive injuries from being there when the bomb went off. Unfortunately, Juniper Woods was fingered as the courtroom bomber. Athena and I knew she had to be innocent, so we took her case on. We managed to clear Ms. Woods's name... ...but Apollo sustained further injuries when he was attacked by Ted Tonate.
Yeah. Poor guy, being attacked by Tonate like that on top of all his other injuries. (Apollo is resting at the nearby Hickfield Clinic. I've had some experience with that place myself. What an awful turn of events. I never thought he'd land in a hospital of all places...)
You must miss him, too, huh? Now that you don't have anybody to tease. Don't worry. He's young. He'll heal quickly and be back before you know it!
(It's been a while since I last saw Trucy look so down... We won the court case, yet nobody feels much like celebrating...)
Uh, you're the only one who's crying, Athena.
...Umm, take over what, exactly...?
(Apollo hasn't exactly "fallen." He's still alive, you know...)
Wait? Right NOW, now?! (We'd better not be running the whole way!) ...There she goes. I'd better go catch up. *sigh* Can you take care of the office, Trucy?
(Trucy seems to be feeling a little better. I can always count on Athena to perk everybody up with her enthusiasm.)
Sounds more like you forgot everything. (I can always count on Athena for that, too.)
So our client is one Solomon Starbuck. He's so famous, even I've heard of him.
You seem to know quite a bit about him. (Now I'm all excited to meet the man!)
(Wow. That was the longest sigh I've ever heard.)
Y-Yes, that's right. (Hmm, mentor has a nice ring to it...)
(Yikes. He's SERIOUSLY got to stop depressing himself...)
(Guess I shouldn't mention the fact that shooting stars burn out in a flash...)
(Is that really all it takes?)
So, you have no memory at all of the incident?
Oh, the so-called "HAT-1 Miracle"? (That must've been a terrifying experience...)
(He seems like a completely different person now. This is the face of the astronaut I know.)
If you didn't take them, then maybe somebody slipped them to you?
(I'll say. They even managed to plant your prints on the switch before slipping it in.) It's a real possibility. Do you remember anything else that might be relevant? Anything at all, no matter how small. Like, about the murder weapon, for example.
Utility kits?
As I recall, your last trip into space was seven years ago, right?
You did? What kind of problems?
(An experience like that would make anybody afraid to go up into space...)
The cosmic truth, huh? (I guess there are people looking for the truth in every walk of life.)
(One thing's for sure: Mr. Starbuck's passion for space is undeniably the real deal.)
The victim, Clay Terran... He was kind of like your protégé, wasn't he?
(The mentor and the protégé... What a combination they must have been...)
(So "I'm fine!" and "You're fine!" were like Apollo and Clay's secret phrases, huh? I wish I could ask Apollo more about Clay and their relationship now.)
(But he actually did climb down that ladder, so a way has to exist.)
So, what do you think about this?
No, no, no! It's my attorney's badge! I was hoping it would reassure you that we're here to defend you. Evidence isn't just for the prosecution. It can help prove a person's innocence, too.
...I thought that was common knowledge.
And he did vocal exercises every morning, sometimes until he was hoarse, right?
No, but like attracts like, as they say.
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaangh...
Do you know anything about this piece of evidence?
No, no. It's all right. There's no need to get all depressed!
(Do I really have to...?) Phoenix Wright is fine...
Ph-Phoenix Wright is fine!
Apollo believed in you wholeheartedly, and that's good enough for me. I believe in you, too!
(It sure feels nice to reassure ourselves every now and then that we're all fine.)
Good idea. Let's go!
You went to visit Apollo in the hospital, right? How was he?
Ha ha ha! I guess he's pretty gung-ho to get back to work. Was he shouting stuff like "Objection!" and "I'm fine!"?
...I guess those voice workouts can be pretty flexible.
Notice anything, Trucy?
Ha ha ha, it's not that easy to bend something so small out of shape, you know.
That really wasn't what I was asking...
Ha ha ha. So it's just a trick to you, huh?
I don't care if I don't get laughs, as long as I can clear my client's name.
I'm no match for you, though, Trucy.
That's true. You can make anything disappear.
I guess only a space probe can help us figure out how they work then, huh.
Wow. I was wondering what kind of place this space center would be. It almost looks like an amusement park of the future.
GYAXA, huh? Isn't that the new name of the federal space R&D program?
If that were it, then the whole thing would be something like "Galaxy eXploration Agency"... ...which, if you ask me, I'd have abbreviated to GAXA... or even GAEA.
(This exchange is beginning to feel oddly like déjà vu...)
Pardon me, but you are...?
If this person is the Space Center's director, then that means...
(You can't tack the word "space" onto just any old thing, you know.) We're Mr. Starbuck's lawyers. We're here to investigate this case.
Don't let him hear you say that or you'll see what trouble really is. Let's just be professional and ask him about when he found the body, okay?
So, as director, what do you do here at the Space Center, specifically?
(Uh, I believe I used the word "specifically" in my question...)
Well, there's bound to be some people like that, here in the boundlessness of space.
(I might be more impressed if I knew what he did for it... specifically.)
Could you tell us what you know about the incidents from the other day?
What?
(I'm not sure he really understands what being a "witness" is all about...)
Then let's at least try to ask him about the things he might be willing to open up about.
The HAT-1 was a rocket that was launched into space seven years ago, correct? And despite numerous problem, it somehow made its way back home...?
Oh, uh, thank you very much.
So what kind of samples are they? What's in them?
That's quite impressive. (I guess this guy isn't just a loud-mouthed braggart after all...)
A moon rock, huh? I remember that being big.
(Hmm... I guess even a space program has to watch its budget...) By the way, you seem awfully knowledgeable about this kind of thing, Athena...
Is that so...?
He was an exceptional man, wasn't he.
(Someone needs to teach him he is not the literal center of the cosmos...)
Excuse me, but about this piece of evidence...
What? Uh, not much, I guess...
(If he's any more self-absorbed, he'll turn into his very own black hole.)
(That thing is surprisingly fast.) I guess we'd better get going, too.
Huh? What was that all about?
So you were doing a voice workout, huh?
You're really serious about this.
What?! Then who's going to hand down the verdict?
So what do you think we should do next?
What is it, Athena?
Uh, that wasn't what I was asking.
It suits you well.
(I think she might be expecting a little too much from one tiny little badge...)
Uh, well... I guess that's true.
I guess I'd better be careful when I present evidence, then.
So this is where Mr. Terran was murdered...
So Detective Fulbright is here, huh?
(I don't know if I should be grateful or afraid.)
Wait. That door... It looks awfully familiar...
Ah, that explains it.
So this is it, huh? This is the corridor the two of them used in their escape.
I see police tape down at the other end. Guess we won't be looking at the launch pad.
And the launch pad itself was probably a sea of flames. Must've been pretty scary for them.
We're here to investigate the scene, same as you. Do you have any info to share?
(Are we trying to catch the unruly family dog here or something?)
Well, we need information, so let's run with it.
Detective Fulbright, could you give us permission to investigate the crime scene?
Uh, no... that's okay. But thanks. (Definitely NOT the Fulbright I know...)
Who knows. Whatever the case, it's making our lives way easier.
You were here at the Space Center at the time of the incidents, weren't you, Detective?
(He's leaving out a lot of details, but okay...) Could you tell us more about what happened?
The shelter...?
Thank you for your answers. Detective. They were very helpful.
Could you tell us more about this witness?
A fourth-floor employee, huh? All right. Thanks for the info, Detective Fulbright!
Justice was trampled underfoot that day.
(Sounds like he and his personal philosophy are going through a mid-life crisis.)
After that, you escaped the building yourself as well, right?
I know you wanted to help, but it sounds like you were adding work to your fellow officers.
No, no, no! This is an important piece of evidence!
Something you can't talk about...?
What was that all about?
O-Okay... (I'm not so sure he'll talk about it, though.) Well, we have permission to investigate now. Let's head back to the boarding lounge.
Well, time to roll up our sleeves and start investigating. Now, let's see... Where's that diagram again? So, this lounge is on the third floor of the main building. And according to Apollo, this is where he believes a third party killed his friend.
You read my mind, Athena. We'll make that our first priority. There's just one problem, though. This room... It's just so big...
A Space Center pamphlet? For tourists?
Oh yeah. That's the door with the fingerprint recognition lock. Well, I guess this map will make things a little easier.
...Wait. There's just one more thing. What's that strange creature moving around outside the window?
Oh, yeah. I knew that. (Whew, that's a relief.)
The only reason you're so eager to start is so that you can push that button, isn't it?
All right. Fine. Let's get investigating!
Way off. It says, "Emergency Ventilation." You know, to clear smoke from a fire.
So it looks like there are three doors that lead in and out of this room.
People usually say "west," "east," and "south" in a case like this, you know.
So that's where we were with the detective. It was filled with smoke after the explosion.
Yup, it definitely says "Control Room." Looks like it has another door on the opposite side.
(Does everybody start to talk like Director Cosmos after they've been here a while?)
I've always wanted to see the inside of a mission control room, and since we're here...
(With that much security, I'm definitely not the one they're looking to keep out, Athena.)
Okay. What about that last door?
This is the door we came through when we entered this room, right?
But the elevators weren't working at the time due to the explosion...
Thanks. Understanding the layout of the lounge should help us understand the case. That's why I thought we'd better have a good grasp of where all the doors go.
So this is where they discovered Clay.
So he was stretched out like this and... Huh? What's that thing that looks like a thermos?
Oh, right. Director Cosmos mentiones something about that too, didn't he? That they were brought back only five days ago by the probe that the HAT-1 launched.
Let's think about that after we've solved the case, okay?
At first glance, it looks like a peaceful landscape, but then there's that creature...
I dunno. I think it would've made the news if they discovered a creature like that.
Yeah... But the Hope probe didn't even go to a planet. It went to an asteroid. That's a big rock kind of thing. Even aliens can't live there.
A bright, purple sky, plenty of greenery, and a tranquil lake. The idyllic scene stretches on as far as the eye can see. It's beautiful, but it lacks something to make it truly captivating.
That's some pretty futuristic-looking furniture over there.
Why would anybody want to have something like that here?
(Can a person really call themselves an astronaut if they can't handle zero-g?)
This must be the security camera that recorded the astronauts making their escape.
If you're done now, shall we move on?
(Very mature.)
These are apparently "oxygen capsules." They're for recovery after a training session.
Uh, it's not helium, Athena. It's oxygen.
Thoughtful?
I doubt anybody who thinks like that would ever become an astronaut in the first place.
There's some kind of panel with two buttons on it here.
(There are such things as buttons left unpushed...)
Yeah, though that side of the wall seems kind of barren without it now. Still, let's see if we can't find anything new with the image off.
It's the button for the holographic image. If we push it... ...it apparently turns the image on and off.
With the holographic image off, the screen is completely black, which for some reason... ...makes me think of losing an argument to Prosecutor Blackquill in court. (But at least it's got my brain revved up. I come up with my best ideas at times like these.)
It looks like a bullet hole. Great find, Athena.
You think so? Based on my experience, I'd say this was fired from a regular pistol.
Apparently. This is an important fact. Do you see a bullet anywhere?
So, I guess the security lock must be disengaged now, right? They say the corridor was filled with smoke at the time of the bombing. This thing beside the door... This must be the fingerprint recognition device.
Then, does this mean that the bomber's prints were verified by the system? (But the number of authorized personnel was supposed to be really small...)
Wow. Way to think ahead! Now, let's dust the fingerprint recognition device and see what we can find.
(Uh, isn't that a good thing?) Sure wish we could figure out whose prints these are. Although, I doubt we'll be so lucky as to get the culprit's prints on the first try.
Right. And there's the security footage of this door, too.
I wish we could see the part of the footage just after this bit.
(Yeah, he's in almost TOO good of a mood today...) Let's go see if we can find him again once we're done with this room.
So this is the fingerprint recognition device. I guess you put your hand on this hand mark.
Don't, Athena! This thing is related to the case! Get your prints all over that, and the next thing you know, you'll be named a suspect.
(I'm not buying those tears, missy.)
Well it's the same shape, but I think that's where the similarities end. I mean, it's behind a glass pane. What kind of stove would require knob security like this?
Right, if it was for a stove... Still, I wonder what it's really for.
If you had to start the engine here, the rocket would take off before you could get in.
Here's another amazing piece of equipment. "Walk on the surface of the moon," it says.
We're still on Earth, remember? Besides, it's connected to the ceiling.
There's a sign on the wall that very clearly says, "Don't jump too high!"
Uh, didn't I say in the beginning, "Walk on the surface of the moon"?
What's this? A trapdoor?
The robots do the cleaning? What a futuristic world we live in. I just hope they don't revolt like they do in science fiction movies.
Let's take this cover off, then.
It's really small, but it's a bullet. It's only about two to three millimeters in diameter. Let's see, that would make the caliber... .10?
Yes. But I've never heard of a .10 caliber gun before. This bullet must be for a special kind of gun.
Yeah, it must've been a really small gun.
Yeah, leave it to Detective Fulbright to accidentally hand us just the card we need.
I guess I have pretty sharp eyes.
Oh, right. Yeah, of course. (Is that how it happened...?)
No matter how I look at it, all I can think of is "torture device." But I guess it's a training device for getting used to zero-gravity? (Uh-oh. Athena has an odd glint in her eye... Is she thinking about trying that thing out? I should try to stop her... but I'm afraid she'll just out-muscle me!)
Some kind of fragment? It's stuck in tight... (Oh, so that's what the glint was all about!)
I think you're right. But if that's here... ...it means Clay's tank ruptured AFTER they arrived at the boarding lounge.
So, Apollo was right. The scene of the murder wasn't the launch pad.
(It looks like we've examined pretty much everything here now, but just in case...)
Do you happen to know anything about this?
Any new ideas, maybe?
(Huh? Why is she avoiding the topic?)
Yikes! Wh-What in the world?!
I-It's... a robot?
(Well, I'm glad we got that cleared up.)
Huh? Do you know this thing, Athena?
Wow, a guide robot. That's pretty cool. My nams is Phoenix Wright. Nice to meet you.
Huh? (Ouch. That hurt.)
(A bit overly familiar, but I'll allow it.)
Oh, uh, sure.
(Huh... This robot is pretty cute...)
(G-Go where?)
Oh, wow! What IS this place?! Is... Is that rocket real?!
Okay, so it's on the exact opposite side of the main building from Launch Pad 1.
This is quite the place. I can't believe we get to see a rocket this close up.
(...I wonder if Ponco knows why the launch was canceled.)
(Space suits, photos, newspaper articles... I'd like to come here again on a day off. ...Hey, what's this a photo of?)
Oh, there's Mr. Starbuck! He looks so young, and so different.
What is it, Athena? Is something wrong?
Well, it was seven years ago, after all. So the young guy standing next to Mr. Starbuck...
So they were mentor and protégé even way back then... And he's even got one of the staff jackets. He looks just like a regular staff member.
Ah, okay. That makes sense. Clay would've still been in high school seven years ago. (Everybody looks so happy.) This Space Museum is great! What fantastic exhibits!
Wouldn't it be better if they just made a new ground-floor entrance instead?
(Who would record that kind of information into a guide robot?)
(That's what Director Cosmos said, too. He told us it came back the day before Clay was killed.)
(Hmm... I think I've seen that logo somewhere before. Let's see... Oh yeah, the capsule that the victim was carrying... I think it had the same logo... I think it can be seen in the photo attached to the autopsy report. Maybe she'll give me some more info if I show it to her.)
The setup of the launch pad? (Go gentle on my spiky-haired mind...)
(Great. Now Athena's got a case of Ponco-itis.)
It's very cool. A grand setup that suits an important place like the Space Center. (I guess everyone is hoping for a bigger budget next year... Myself included.)
I guess before a big move like that can be carried out, there are all kinds of procedures.
(Because of the bombing and the murder, I'll bet... which is perfectly understandable.)
(I guess Ponco can only answer certain questions.)
Ponco, do you recognize this capsule here in the top right?
It contained the asteroid samples, right?
So the capsule was being kept in Launch Pad 1, huh? Maybe Clay was trying to carry it to safety after the explosion...
Well, the police took it as evidence, so they'll have to wait a little longer.
Wait, why do you know what she was taught?
(Hmm... I can't help but think I'm missing something here...)
Oh? I didn't realize it was the personal achievement of just one man.
Oh, okay. No problem.
(The poor thing. Now I feel bad for asking...)
Well, we certainly learned a lot about the Space Museum.
You two are like old friends. It's hard to believe you just met recently.
Well, what should we investigate next?
(Let's see. The security footage and the fingerprint data, was it?) Okay, then let's go back to the Launch Pad 1 corridor.
(Poor Ponco... What a Dickensian life we are all forced to lead.)
Ha ha ha. It's not like taking somebody to an amusement park, you know.
F-Fine. I'll take you on my next day off.
Ha ha ha. (I'm no match for Trucy...)
Let's hope he's still in a cooperative mood as well, then.
(...You mean that "lady in distress" bit?)
We found a bullet hole in the wall at the crime scene.
Detective Arme?
Was it really such a high-threat situation that she needed to do that?
We already know Director Cosmos will testify, so tomorrow will be about what he knows...
(I hope it goes down easy...)
This... is quite a bit of data.
(I guess when Blackquill said to dig deep, Fulbright didn't bother to ask how deep...)
Makes sense. After all, the culprit's prints did get them past the fingerprint lock somehow.
Isn't this just a photo of the Launch Pad 1 door?
Huh? What's so important about this door?
(Sounds like this is going to be a major point of contention tomorrow...)
Right. Detective Fulbright, do you think you could run the test for us right now?
He must've opened it when they went to go board the rocket.
Detective, about the security footage that was taken by the Boarding Lounge 1 camera...
Is there any way I could see a little more of the part just after this?
Huh? The screen went blank.
(Why didn't you just say so from the beginning?)
Something definitely seems to be up with you, Detective. You're unusually cooperative.
(It's been a while... but those are definitely Psyche-Locks...)
No, no. "Psyche-Lock." It's a system of locks on the secrets in a person's heart. I can see when people are trying to hide those secrets by using the power of this Magatama. (Presenting evidence can break those locks... ...and reveal any secrets they're hiding.)
(I'm more than capable of representing myself, thank you very much.) It isn't some kind of fraud. It really works. A friend gave it to me a long time ago. But I guess seeing is believing. Allow me to show you! (I can use the Magatama on him by touching it (X).)
As long as you're being forthcoming, why don't you share what's bothering you with us?
(Yeah... But what kind of detective does that? I guess now's the time to use my Magatama (X) and undo these Psyche-Locks.)

I think you're hiding something, Detective, so why don't you just tell us about it?
(Detective Fulbright is really in agony. I bet this is the issue he's so torn up over...)
I bet I know why you're troubled. You're exhausted by the rollercoaster known as life!
(...More like I hit my thumb on that one. All right, let's try that again.)
I bet I know what's bothering you. You're troubled by love!
(I guess Love really CAN cause a lot of heartache, huh. Anyway...)
I really understand what's been bothering you, Detective. I truly do. Something happened that goes against your principles, isn't that right?
Is that a fact?
I don't think the guard detail was as "relaxed" as you claim as long as this exists.


(Is he making fun of me?)
Before the explosions, what was supposed to happen here was a rocket launch. And yet security was so tight they even brought in a special task force. I'd hardly describe that as a "relaxed guard detail."
As versatile as you are, I can certainly believe that's true. But I say it's very strange that THIS person would be part of that detail from the outset!


(Unh... I guess I got it wrong...) Never mind my hairstyle! All right. So you were here on a special security detail...
Detective Arme specialized in bomb cases. The fact that she was here on-hand... ...means that you people knew there was the possibility that a bombing would occur.
How was the warning delivered?
That's a big thing to keep quiet about! No wonder you were so upset.
Prosecutor Blackquill? Well, as his "handler," I'm sure you have a lot of difficulties...
(............I think we guessed that much...)
(Yeah, it would had to have...)
(A phantom, huh... And not one of the friendly variety either, I gather.)
This "phantom of seven years past"... Any idea who or what he was talking about?
W-Wait a minute. He thinks they may be connected to this case?
So that's why Prosecutor Blackquill thinks this incident is the work of the "phantom"?
...Yeah, I can see why he'd think that. (This incident and the phantom... Not to mention Blackquill's past... It's almost inconceivable that they would come to a head here...)
(I've never seen Detective Fulbright so tormented... This must be why he's been so cooperative.) Don't worry. That's exactly what we defense lawyers are working to prevent.
(Detective Fulbright... I guess I was wrong about you.)
Leave the courtroom to us. (It's not like we want a guilty verdict, either!)
(Wait, were we supposed to say "In justice we trust" back there, too?)
All right. The Space Center entrance it is!
The witness must be around here somewhere...
Uh-oh... Don't tell me the witness is a robot?
(That's pretty specific...) Excuse me, but are you the one who witnessed the murder? Oh, and I'm Phoenix Wright, the lead attorney for this case. How do you do?
("Blackquill"?! Could she be...?!)
(Yikes! I'd better watch what wires I cross with this one!)
Your last name is "Blackquill." Do you have a relative in the legal profession?
Yes, we met him in court a few times, right, Athena?
(Athena being shy? This is new.)
(Robot abuse, hawk attacks... Blackquill family life must sure be interesting.)
So... you're the person who witnessed the incident?
It must've been a very troubling experience. (Probably best to just humor her here...)
So, you saw the crime as it happened, and that's about it. I see............ Wait! WHAT?! You saw it being committed?! (This is no time to just nod and repeat!) So you saw into the third floor lounge... ...the very scene of the crime...
That must have been the culprit! Did you see who that person was?
I see... But you did witness the moment of the murder?
Did you witness anything else? Did the killer have any distinguishing features?
(An Earth emblem on the lighter? I'd better remember that.)
Thank you for your statement. We'll definitely prove Mr. Starbuck's innocence with it!
Pardon me?
What don't you like about lawyers?
(That didn't make me feel any better, actually.)
Why do you hate lawyers so much?
...I certainly don't agree.
Get a hold of yourself, Athena!
(So she distrusts not only lawyers and prosecutors, but the whole legal system? What in the world happened to this woman to make her so bitter?)
(Around Athena's neck? Does she mean Widget?)
(Her royal what? Is she talking about Athena?)
(Okay. Guess she has nothing else to say to me.)
It's all right, Clonco. There's nothing for you to apologize about.
(I shudder to think what uses she might put giant robots to...)
Can you tell me anything about this piece of evidence?
What a... pleasant response.
Director Cosmos? Yes, that's right.
What?
(What, that's it? No friendly tips? No "Good luck, guys?"... Just splendid.)
It's sad to me that she doesn't believe in our legal system anymore. She must've had a very bad experience to make her feel that way. .........Are you all right, Athena? You seem very down.
(Wow, she's really upset. Has she been trying not to let it show all this time?) Well, I guess it's not all that surprising... You hear about fabricated evidence and false indictments on the news all the time.
Well, all we can do is believe in what we're doing.
Maybe it's time we went back to see Mr. Starbuck.
All right, then! Next stop: the Detention Center!
I wonder who this "phantom" Prosecutor Blackquill saw seven years ago is?
You don't think he's really after a ghost, ghost, do you?
Maybe it was the culprit's accomplice?
Athena?
I give up. (She's deep in thought about something.)
And he's even truly concerned about Prosecutor Blackquill, too.
I thought he was just parroting the words "In justice we trust," but he really means it.
You mean you sometimes say it for no reason?
Do you happen to know anything about this?
Any new ideas, maybe?
(Huh? Why is she avoiding the topic?)
(Hey, not necessarily!) We found a new witness. A researcher saw the moment of the murder through the lounge window during her escape.
Unfortunately... it was dark, and she couldn't identify the person.
Anything at all would be a help, so please tell us what you remembered!
Good, good! What else did you see?! What was nearby?
A dark shadow... That must've been... (...the third party we've been looking for!) Thank you, Mr. Starbuck. You've been more help than you know.
Don't worry. You'll get the chance to go to space again once we clear your name!
(I have to admit, that was pretty stirring just now.)
The key will be whether or not we can identify this third person in court tomorrow. At least we have something to go on now, and that's a big plus. (I should probably tidy the evidence up a bit, before someone mistakes me for a hoarder...)
(For someone who's highly empathetic, you can be surprisingly unsympathetic...)
Well, it's one step forward, anyway. Hopefully it'll give us a fighting chance in court. (As long as we can find out who this third person is...)
What are you doing here? I didn't think the clinic was ready to release you yet.
(Apollo...)
You shouldn't underestimate your injuries, Apollo, and I don't want you overdoing it.
(An IV isn't a cure-all, Mummy Man!)
I thought you'd be happier than that.
Apollo, about that jacket...
(I knew it.)
(Apollo... I hope you don't try to carry the burden all alone...)
(I guess you're right on some level... That trial a year and a half ago wasn't exactly the smoothest of starts.)
"You're fine," huh...?
"You're fine!" and "I'm fine!" were like your catchphrases, weren't they?
("As long as you don't give up"... Wasn't there somebody else who said something similar?)
(Clay called Mr. Starbuck his mentor, and looked up to him. I wonder if I can be a good role model for my staff like Mr. Starbuck...?)
You two were really great friends, weren't you?
(Apollo...)
It's such a sad waste...
I completely understand why you feel that way, Apollo... ...but keep in mind, too, that our job as defense attorneys is to save our client.
Huh?
You got hit really hard. That's your body telling you to take a rest.
(I guess he's just not going to listen, no matter what I say.)
You're really serious... Can you at least give me a reason why?
I agree with Athena. We should work together to find the truth.
I... I'm not sure I follow... (What are you saying, Apollo...?!)
Hold on, Athena. Apollo can believe what he wants, but I believe he's wrong. Even if we take different paths, the truth we arrive at should be the same. I think the quicker we solve this case, the better it'll be for Apollo.
All right. That's enough for one day. Make sure you're ready for tomorrow's trial, okay?
(If he were here right now, Apollo would say... "I'm fine! Everything is fine!" ...I just hope things really do turn out fine tomorrow...)
Nothing particularly interesting here.
(I think I have enough evidence, but maybe I should do a bit more thinking first...)

............Uh, Your Honor? Could you please come out from under your bench...? There are no more bombs. I promise.
(I guess that's one way of describing what happened to Tonate...)
Yes, Your Honor. The defense is ready.
Well, he's certainly seen more than his fair share of colorful prosecutors. You could say he's something of a veteran of sorts...
And just as our team was about to cross-examine Detective Arme... ...the courtroom bombing incident occurred, and the trial was put on hold.
(It's obvious Prosecutor Blackquill still thinks it was Mr. Starbuck. Fulbright said that Blackquill has a thing against the astronaut. Nevertheless...) The defense argues that there was a third person in the lounge, and that's who killed the victim!

We'll see who's the dotard after I trounce you with my years of experience, little boy! In any case, Mr. Starbuck claims he saw someone leaving the lounge. Furthermore, a Space Center employee also saw a suspicious figure at the scene.
(That's right! I almost forgot that Aura is Prosecutor Blackquill's sister...)
(Hmm... I guess the possibility that the figure was Mr. Starbuck is still there...)
It's probably for the best that it sailed right over the director's head.
Yeah... Although it sounds more like he was scared and just had a peek from far away.
Yes, Your Honor. (............Director Cosmos's testimony is pretty vague. I'm going to have to press him and draw out more information before I do anything else.)

Where were you coming from?
Why do you keep calling it "Galactic"? Does it have something to do with space?
I-I see. Then I take it it works in Zero-g, too?
(Well, that's a galactic bummer...)

Let's see. According to this diagram... ...you didn't have to go through the Control Room to get to Boarding Lounge 1. It looks like you could have gone there from the southern corridor as well.
I see...

So you couldn't see who that figure was clearly or what they were doing?
(Argh! I'm so close, but without evidence, I can't prove that person's the third party!)

Aura Blackquill also saw a suspicious figure in the lounge. But she gave the statement that it was too dark to see the person's face clearly. Did you see this figure's face clearly?
So, for all you know, it might NOT have been Mr. Starbuck, isn't that correct?!
You mean they disappeared? That's odd.

Hold on. Director Cosmos, did you ever take your eyes off of the scene?
If you took your eyes off the scene... ...then this third person could have escaped during that time!
The direction opposite the control room: the southern door to the elevators. There's no security lock on that door, so it would've been possible to escape that way.
Uh, well...
(As long as they don't punish us in the name of said moon for what we've done to it...)
(And he's right. I don't have any proof yet. Still... The southern door was a possible escape route. I'd better make a mental note of that.) Director Cosmos, may I ask you a question?
Why did you look away from the boarding lounge?
What? You're saying Detective Arme raised her gun as soon as she saw the figure?
(Hmm... I don't know about that...) And were you able to prevent Detective Arme from firing her gun?

And neither of these two shots hit the culprit?
(Hmm... But did she really? There's something about this that bothers me...)

(So Detective Arme fired two warning shots, did she? That's the first time that info has come out. Wonder if I can find any inconsistencies?)
(Mr. Starbuck isn't the killer. And if that's true, then there must be a false statement in the director's testimony.)
Are you sure you were really paying attention to what Detective Arme was doing?
Somehow, I don't think that those exact words... ...will ever be written down in any history books.
You say that Detective Arme fired two warning shots... ...and yet, only one bullet hole was ever found at the scene.
Only one bullet hole means the gun was only fired once. And yet Director Cosmos is saying Detective Arme fired two shots. No editor would allow such a glaring contradiction into a history book!

But there was only one bullet hole at the scene! Where did the other bullet hole vanish to?! Aaaaaaaaaaaaagh!
I should?
WHAT?!
(My beautiful contradiction... Gone... All gone...)
(Hmm............ Detective Arme fired two warning shots... One hit the holographic display and the other hit the oxygen tank... Does that really clear up everything about what happened at the scene?)
Yes, I guess it does, Your Honor. (At least, I think so... But there's still something nagging at me...) Um, actually... can I change my mind on that, Your Honor...?
(I'd better think this one through again...)
No, Your Honor, it doesn't! "Detective Arme fired two warning shots from a .38-caliber gun." But that doesn't explain the existence of a certain piece of evidence found at the scene. A piece... that points to the existence of a third person.


Don't you think that this piece of evidence seems incongruous?
Not even just an eensy-weensy bit?
(Urk... Looks like it wasn't this piece of evidence after all...) Your Honor! Please let me give it a little more thought!
Just a little something of great importance we found at the crime scene, Your Honor.
In a floor gutter at the crime scene. It looks like the police and prosecution both missed it. Furthermore, this is a .10-caliber bullet... ...making it much smaller than one of Detective Arme's .38-calibers.
Exactly. One more person must have been there in the lounge. A third person who had a gun that could fire .10-caliber bullets!
And if that's true, it explains why Detective Arme fired warning shots. This third person fired at Detective Arme and Director Cosmos with their gun. And in return, the detective fired her warning shots. Isn't that how it really went down, Director Cosmos?
(So Director Cosmos really has been hiding the presence of a third person all along?) Director Cosmos! I want you to testify to the court about what you really saw!
Not necessarily. It's still possible that it was someone else. Most likely, as soon as Detective Arme and Director Cosmos discovered this person... ...they escaped through the southern door, the one that didn't have a security lock.
Huh?

But Mr. Starbuck didn't have a gun in his possession when he was found by the police! Nor has a gun been found at the crime scene. Its absence can only be explained if there was a third party who took it with them.

But you can't deny the possibility of a third person leaving with the weapon!
What evidence?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaagh! (I-I DID forget all about that!)
Th-That's unbelievable...
The odds are literally astronomical... (I guess it really was a miracle...)
...Let's just cross-examine him and see what we can find out.

We've already heard all about that part. Don't you have any new information?

We already know all about that, too! Tell us about something related to this incident!

You've told us all about that already as well! What we need now is your testimony!

But it was so dark, you couldn't see this figure's face, isn't that right?

So, in other words... ...you were fired at while you were at the Control Room door.
(There's something not quite right about that...) Director Cosmos, the bullet this person fired hit you, isn't that right?
(In that case, the bullet should've wound up somewhere around the Control Room door.)

And while he was there, he was shot at by someone with a .10-caliber gun.
(Hey, I'm pretty lucky myself, so if he's a great man, then I'm the king of all cosmos!)
Director Cosmos, I believe you are telling this great court a glorious lie!
My accusation is based on the positions of the people who were in the lounge. According to your testimony... ...you and Detective Arme were near the Control Room door... ...and the mystery figure was standing in the middle of the boarding lounge. If, as you say, the figure fired a gun at you from this position... ...then the bullet would have traveled in this direction. However, we found the .10-caliber bullet here.
The trajectory and where the bullet was actually found contradict each other! Director Cosmos! Where were you really when you were being shot at?!
(Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the human merry-go-round...)

But, in that case, the bullet should have been found near the east side of the room! Are you trying to say that you can explain this inconsistency?!
I didn't think so-- WHAT?!
Wh-What are you getting at?
(Bird's nest...? Why does everyone pick on my hair?!)
Ah! (Th-That makes some sense, actually...)
Huh? (I've got a b-bad feeling about this...)
Wh-Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?! (That's the complete opposite of all the testimony he's given so far!)
I have? How?
Ack!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH! (M-My third person just disappeared... like in one of Trucy's magic tricks...!)
What a convoluted lie... (Was he really covering for the defendant?)
(Yikes! The judge is about to hand down his verdict! Think, Phoenix, think! This is the perfect time to try and turn my thinking around! If a third person had no way of escaping the scene... ...then what if one of the people at the scene was this third person? ............Wait! What if the whole premise is all wrong? Director Cosmos said that he and Detective Arme rushed to the scene together. But what if that premise isn't true? What if one of them reached the scene before the other one? And

Please wait, Your Honor! There is still one possibility.
There is one and only one person who could have escaped from the scene. And that person would be the first person who arrived on the scene. Then, upon entering the boarding lounge... ...the second person to arrive came via the southern door. That's why the first person fled from the room... ...using an escape route that was accessible only to them!


............Um, somehow...?
Please let me try again, Your Honor!
Of all the people who were at the scene, only the witness could have escaped. The director is the only one with the authority to open the Control Room door, after all.
Exactly. The true identity of the third person is our current witness. Director Yuri Cosmos!
I assert that Director Cosmos arrived at the scene before Detective Arme... ...and entered the boarding lounge alone. Detective Arme arrived after that and... ...saw a suspicious figure, who was actually Director Cosmos, standing in the lounge. And that's why she fired those two warning shots!
(Earth to Cosmos Control Center... Requesting permission to ask that you return to reality.)

But I do have evidence. In fact... ...you could say that your battleship bears its scar.
(If Director Cosmos is the third person Aura Blackquill saw...)
This third person fired at Detective Arme and Director Cosmos with their gun. And in return, the detective fired her warning shots. Isn't that how it really went down, Director Cosmos?
(Director Cosmos must've been the one who fired the .10-caliber gun. When Detective Arme discovered him in the lounge... ...it only makes sense that he would've turned and shot at her. Therefore... the evidence on the director's body is of a different kind of relevance than before!) Once we compare it against another piece of evidence... ...the mark that you received from the "third party" will be all the proof we need... ...to prove that you were the one in the lounge!
Comparison against this piece of evidence will prove that you were the one in the lounge!


Huh? Oh, uh... I would like to say that... this is not it!
Urk. (I guess that really wasn't it... ...but I AM sure the third person was Director Cosmos.)
The .38-caliber bullet found on the floor at the scene didn't hit the oxygen tank. It hit Director Cosmos's medal. If we have that ricochet mark on the medal analyzed, I'm sure the caliber will match up. And if that mark proves to be from a .38-caliber bullet... ...it will prove that you are the third person we've been looking for!
It was the .10-caliber bullet... In other words... ...it was the bullet fired by Yuri Cosmos. Isn't that right, Director?!
If you don't want the history books to say that a great man was a great liar...
It looks like it... (But no matter how many lies he tells, I'll just expose them one by one! I'll MAKE that big liar tell the truth!)
The evidence doesn't lie, Director Cosmos, so don't try to talk your way out of this!

Now hold on just one moment! We just proved a few minutes ago... ...that the third person that Mr. Starbuck and Ms. Aura Blackquill saw... was you!
Still, a lie's a lie, Athena.
Yes... And...?
So... you're claiming that Ms. Blackquill saw the killer commit the crime first at 10 AM... ...and that you arrived at the lounge after that?
No, we can't. Then again, maybe we don't need to yet. (I wonder if he was really covering for Mr. Starbuck...) Your Honor, the defense moves to have the director testify about that person he saw.
So you were shot at by the killer as well? And then they disappeared?
That was Detective Arme's bullet, remember?
Right, but it actually hit Mr. Terran's oxygen tank and ruptured it.
Good summary, but that doesn't explain where our mystery killer went. Director Cosmos, I was wondering if you could elaborate on when the figure disappeared.
(Wow, that might be the first true statement he's said all day!) But how do you suppose this person managed to vanish so suddenly?
(I want to raise an objection, but I don't have any counterevidence.) Director Cosmos, when you saw this person... ...did you also see Mr. Starbuck on the floor?
(Hmm... That wasn't exactly helpful.)
(............I can't find any holes in his testimony, but I can't give up!)
Huh?
Which means he's hiding his true feelings from us, huh... (This just might help us find out what happened to our vanished killer...) That'd be great, Athena. Let's see what you can do with him!

You must have thought it was very strange that the killer vanished into thin air.
And yet, at that time, you barely registered any shock at the occurrence.
I can only think of one reason as to why you weren't surprised the killer's vanishing act. You must've had a good idea of where they went. Isn't that right?
Maybe, or maybe not. You went into the room to check on Mr. Starbuck and Mr. Terran, yes? What if the culprit took that opportunity to silently slip out through the southern door?
(And yet, the director wasn't surprised the killer vanished...) So you're absolutely sure there was no escape route for the culprit to use?
Okay! Back in the matrix it is! (Time to pinpoint our way to victory!)

Correct me if I'm wrong, but you seem to be afraid of the launch pad door.
Whether I have basis or not, you seem quite distressed by it.
Director Cosmos! There's something about the launch pad door you're not telling us, isn't there?
Okay! Back in the matrix it is! (Time to pinpoint our way to victory!)
(I guess it shouldn't be a surprise that his mind is a convoluted place, too...)
Thanks, Athena. (Now to make sense of what we've learned... Director Cosmos wasn't surprised that the culprit suddenly vanished from the lounge. Which point to the possibility that he knew where the killer had escaped to. Furthermore, talking about the door to the launch pad made him uneasy. In other words, he's probably hiding something about the Launch Pad 1 door. When we put these two pieces together, only one solution to this puzzle comes to mind!) Director Cosmos, did the real killer


That's right. There's actually a secret corridor hidden there!
...That's what I was afraid of.
Please let me give that another shot, Your Honor!
The culprit went through the Launch Pad 1 door to escape, didn't they?
(A master tactician, you are not.)
............True, but this is still the only logical answer there is. If we can just figure out what the director is hiding about the Launch Pad 1 door... ...we should be able to iron out the logical inconsistencies.
That's an easy one. The killer was right there in the boarding lounge, meaning... ...there's a way he could have easily gotten past that security lock. (Come to think of it, we did examine the prints on the fingerprint recognition device...) I propose that the killer used this person's fingerprints to get past the security lock!


Yikes!
Uh, well... I was thinking my curl could use a trim... GAAAAAGH!
Yes, Your Honor. Though I can't recommend Barber Blackquill if you value your head... (Being in the lounge, the killer would've had access to a certain person's prints...)
Mr. Starbuck was lying unconscious there in the boarding lounge. Anybody could have easily gotten past the security lock by using Mr. Starbuck's prints. And actually, Mr. Starbuck's prints are exactly what we found on the device's screen.
(It looks like he DOES have something to hide about the Launch Pad 1 door. And I'm betting it's got something to do with the culprit's escape route! But I don't have enough information to see the whole picture yet...)
Huh? Oh, yes! By all means!
Right, the one that recorded the victim and the defendant. What about it, Your Honor?
............
Setting aside the issue of grandchildren, I'd like to have the witness continue. Director Cosmos, could you tell us more about when you entered the lounge?


What do you think about Director Cosmos's emotional responses, Athena?
What? Oh, I'm very sorry to hear that.
............Umm, why are you telling me all this now?
The story about your cat, of course. It's only natural.
Sounds unnaturally complicated... (But that somehow doesn't surprise me.)
Director Cosmos. Why were you so surprised when Detective Arme found you, and again when she fired? Isn't that a bit unnatural?!
...Umm, yes, I'm sure you do. But my real point... ...is not the fact that you were surprised, but rather, what you were surprised by.
First, you were surprised when Detective Arme found you in the lounge. And, just after that, you were of course again surprised when she shot at you. But, considering what you were surprised about, a strange phenomenon occurs here. Director Cosmos, what is strange about your surprised reaction is the fact that you were...
You were surprised when the detective found you, a self-styled "great man." And then you were surprised again when she fired warning shots at you. Would such a self-professed great man such as yourself be surprised by such things?
(...Well, he certainly has a high opinion of himself. It looks like I got it wrong, in any case...)
Wasn't there something you should have been more surprised by?
(Well, when you put it that way... I guess I'm barking up the wrong tree here...)
Sure, you were surprised when Detective Arme shot at you... ...but the surprise you felt when she found you in the lounge was much greater.
The fact that you were more surprised by simply being found than by being shot at... ...suggests to me that you were conflicted about whatever it was you were doing there!
(Please tell me I finally sunk his battleship...)
(And whatever he's hiding most likely has something to do with the killer's escape.)
If he was doing something suspicious around that door... ...maybe we can spot some changes between before he came to the room and after.
............Hey, look at that! (There IS a change! Something's definitely different!) Director Cosmos.
Finding the answer to what you were doing when Detective Arme found you, that's what. And that answer lies clearly in this footage. All we have to do is compare it to the photo that was taken during the investigation.
(He's asking for it. THIS is what changed directly after the incident...)


I believe the answer is this.
It's such a futuristic building, it wouldn't be surprising if something like that could change!
...I... guess you're right.
(Director Spacecase won't fess up to anything without proof of what he did in that room...)
The answer is this knob.
Your Honor, please take a look at this footage.
Take a look at the knob next to the launch pad door. As you can see, it's horizontal.
However... ...when we investigated the scene of the crime yesterday, the knob was vertical.
It means that sometime between before the director arrived and after... ...someone turned this knob!
After the scene was discovered, you were the only one who could have turned the knob. Come on, now, Director Cosmos! Let's hear what you have to say! What were you trying to do by turning that knob by the door?
You wanted to do what...?
I guess that clears up what that knob is for.
I don't think so... The Launch Pad 1 corridor was filled with smoke. I don't think they could've escaped through that corridor.
(............Hmm... I guess there are still some things we have to uncover...) Director Cosmos! I request that you tell us about moving the launch pad in more detail!

Just one final push, then!
"I had no choice but to disengage the safety lock." You make it sound like you were reluctant to do so. And yet, when you did it, you felt some joy, as if you were very pleased with yourself.
So, care to explain why you felt joy when you disengaged the safety lock? When I think back on the facts we've discovered up to this point... ...I have to believe that you were trying to fulfill some hidden agenda.
Because I'm more or less a pro... (...At guessing...)
I know they say people regress as they grown older, but you, sir, take the cake...
P-Prosecutor Blackquill? (What came over him all of a sudden?)
(*gulp* His words bite harder than his blade...)
You know... Just a thought, but modern English can be your friend...
WHAAAT?!

But it doesn't make sense! You can't deny that someone turned that knob. And once the safety lock was released, I'm sure the pad must've went somewhere. If we chase down the truth of this issue, we just might find where the killer escaped to... Aaaaaaaaaagh!
GAAAAAAAAAAAGH!
(Y-Young'uns these days...! I don't understand it. I'm sure Director Cosmos must have moved the launch pad... The knob was definitely turned after we came to the lounge. But the launch pad is right where it's supposed to be... Argh! ............! Wait a minute. Maybe I have it all backwards!) What if the director turned the knob -- not to move the launch pad away... ...but to bring it back to where it was supposed to be?
What if the launch pad was at the launch site before the incident? And then, after the incident... ...Director Cosmos moved it back to its usual spot? All he had to do was turn the knob to call the launch pad back... ...and it would be right where the police found it! GAAAAAGH!
Was what I said really THAT off-base?
Oh, right...
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!
But our deductions and the actual facts of the case are in direct contradiction to each other.
............"Never actually boarded the rocket"...? ............Hey, wait a minute! Maybe, just maybe...
Prosecutor Blackquill! What if I told you that the two astronauts... ...never set foot inside the launch pad area, but instead, went into another place? And what if when the director moved Launch Pad 1 back, it was not from the launch site... ...but from another place. What would you say then?
(I know I'm right. It was all the other way around from the beginning!) Very well, Your Honor. Let me explain. Director Cosmos's reason for moving Launch Pad 1 was...
Because he wanted to hide Launch Pad 1!
Oh, uh... behind something, maybe...?
Urk. (Looks like I messed that up...) Your Honor! Please let me give it another try!
Because he wanted to trap the true killer!
I-I guess you're right.
(I don't agree with that penalty, though...) Your Honor! Please give me another chance!
Because he wanted to switch it with some other place!
Oh, you'd be surprised, Your Honor. All it takes is a little thinking outside the box, and the answer becomes clear as day! This is what was switched with Launch Pad 1!


Oh, I dunno. You know how these things work, don't you?
(What could've been switched with Launch Pad 1...? It really can only be that place?)
In the past, the Space Museum used to be Launch Pad 2. It has all the same features as Launch Pad 1, and can even be moved to the launch site. Meaning, the Space Museum and Launch Pad 1 can also be switched with each other.
The rocket the astronauts boarded was not the one in Launch Pad 1. It was the one in the Space Museum!
And yet, it's the only explanation that accounts for every riddle and inconsistency. This is how the Space Center was just before the incident.
That's right. And with the two switched like this... ...the astronauts entered the Space Museum from Boarding Lounge 1. This allowed the true killer to enter Launch Pad 1 from Boarding Lounge 2... ...and set the bomb on the rocket.
Exactly. Anyone could pass through the door to the Space Museum. There is no fingerprint recognition system on that door. In other words, with the two launch pads switched like that... ...someone other than Mr. Starbuck could have easily planted that bomb!
After setting the bomb on the rocket... ...the culprit snuck into Boarding Lounge 1 and waited there, concealed... ...in order to kill Mr. Terran when the two astronauts emerged from the Space Museum. Recall that Ms. Blackquill, Mr. Starbuck, and the director all saw a suspicious figure... ...who, we can suppose, after killing Mr. Terran... ...made their escape into the Space Museum. After that, Director Cosmos switched the two launch pads back... ...without realizing the killer was inside the
I'm a seasoned warrior who has cut down many a prosecutor.
(...SOMEBODY needs a better anger management counselor...)
At this point, Launch Pad 1 and the Space Museum were switched with each other.
Huh? (Th-That number on the floor...!) Well, what do you know? It looks like we have proof after all, Prosecutor Blackquill.
Oh, don't worry. It's all right here. Right in this footage. Proof that, beyong this door, is the corridor to the Space Museum!


Take a look at this point!
Doesn't it kind of somehow give you the feeling that a switch has been made?
Right! (The number on the floor...!) Please give me another chance, Your Honor!
There's a "1" on the floor of the Launch Pad 1 corridor. But take a look at the floor of the corridor in the security footage. Do you see the number on the floor behind the astronauts? It doesn't look like a "1," does it? That's because what you see is actually part of a "2."
Why is it a "2" and not a "1"? That's because the corridor you see is the one to the Space Museum!
That's right, because the explosion didn't occur in the Space Museum. The explosion occurred in Launch Pad 1, on the side opposite the Space Museum. And now that we know the two astronauts escaped from the Space Museum... ...the mystery from the previous trial of how they got down the ladder is cleared up. Mr. Terran, carrying Mr. Starbuck... ...simply took the elevator from the upper level down to the middle level.
Everyone was down in the basement shelter when the launch pads were swapped back. There's no way anyone could have known what was happening on the surface.
No more lies, Director Cosmos! It's high time you told us the truth!
Director Cosmos, do you admit you switched the launch pads?
............Before you do, Your Honor, two things. First, we don't know if Mr. Terran had prior knowledge of the switch. As for Mr. Starbuck, he was unaware of his surroundings thanks to his medication. Either way, Mr. Terran would've realized the instant he stepped into the Space Museum... ...that it had been switched with Launch Pad 1. So my first question is, if the Space Museum was perfectly fine... ...why did Mr. Terran feel the need to put on such a dramatic display? As for my second
Probably not a good time to try to pry it out of him, huh.
Mr. Starbuck...!
(Why are you so hung up on him?!)
(............Argh! He's right... I don't have any proof!)
I-I have to do something...
!
D-Detective Fulbright?!
(I don't believe we had an appointment...?)
Was it a fight between cats, or...? ............*ahem* Why are you here again?
...Uh, I don't have any idea what you're talking about...
So what is it, detective? Is it something that will prove Mr. Starbuck innocent?!
WH-WH-WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!
(This is it! This is just what I needed!)
Your Honor! This is decisive evidence that supports the defense's earlier claim!
With pleasure, Your Honor. Recall where this lighter was found. Based on that, we can extrapolate that after the killer murdered Mr. Terran... ...they escaped with lighter in hand into the Space Museum... ...where they dropped it. The switching of the two launch pads occurred... Then finally, the killer left through Boarding Lounge 2 and made their escape. Meanwhile, Mr. Starbuck was found in Boarding Lounge 1 after the murder... A fact that Director Cosmos has testified to. Therefore... Mr.

You'd like that to be true, wouldn't you? But Director Cosmos testified that right after he saw the mysterious figure with a lighter... ...he went into the lounge and found the unconscious Mr. Starbuck. In other words, Mr. Starbuck wouldn't have had the time to double-back to the museum. No, Prosecutor Blackquill, this lighter could only have been dropped by the real killer.
Most importantly, Mr. Starbuck's fingerprints were nowhere to be found on this lighter. I think you understand what this means, don't you? This piece of evidence unequivocally proves that Mr. Starbuck wasn't the culprit!
As for the remote switch that was found in Mr. Starbuck's pocket... ...we can assume it was planted by the killer on the unconscious Mr. Starbuck.
(Huh? Tomorrow? What about tomorrow?)
Looks like we pulled it off somehow, huh? (With some help from Detective Fulbright.)
Yeah, me too. (But that's going to have to wait...)
(It's too late to object, isn't it...?)
Prosecutor Blackquill! Can you read out who the prints belong to?!
WHAT?!
(Th-This can't be happening...! We built up our argument piece by piece... And I don't think any of our reasoning was faulty... So how could it have lead [sic] to this?)
(What in the world is happening here?! It's like the world's gone mad!)
Confusion spiraled into utter chaos. After all we'd fought for, the truth had turned cruelly on us to accuse Athena of the crimes. Somewhere, somehow, everything had gone terribly wrong... We had stumbled over the edge of reason and into the jaws of a twisted darkness.

This piece of evidence makes it clear... ...that there is a contradiction in the witness's testimony!
Not even with your sharp and discerning eye, Your Honor...?
Well, not really, Your Honor. I thought maybe you would...
(Uh-oh. Now the judge is mad at me. Maybe I'd better take another look at the evidence.)

That statement is clearly inconsistent with this evidence, Your Honor!
Urk! (I must have the wrong evidence...)

This piece of evidence clearly exposes the witness's lie!
(I'm definitely losing the judge's confidence in me here...)
Press for more information? I think you're right.
(I'll put my faith in Athena and press them for all their worth, then!)
You sensed something wrong with the testimony?
Thanks. That would be a big help! (Now I just have to compare the evidence with the statement she points out!)

When we view your emotions alongside your testimony, we find the unexpected emotion-- (Wait a minute... There really isn't anything strange here.)
......I think maybe you're right.
