...What a stupid question!
Fine. Let me ask you then, Your Honor. Are YOU ready? Are you ready to pass judgement?
Well, if you're not ready yourself, you shouldn't expect others to be. That's a rule to live by.
I am Godot. Legendary prosecutor. I've never lost a case.
Ha...! None.
I've never prosecuted a case before.
...Exactly. I've never lost. I've never won before either.
Even the mightiest of Redwoods begin their lives as mere saplings.
Ha...! Don't you know anything? No matter the man, we all wear masks... Either on our faces or ever our hearts.
So we finally meet... Mr. Phoenix Trite!
I've returned from the depths of Hell... To do battle with you.
It's not "Gobo". It's Godot... Your Honor.
Opening statement? Those things are not fit for even dogs to consume. I have only one thing to say before we start. To you... Mr. Trite.
Are you familiar with the saying, "A chain is only as strong as its weakest link"? I wonder... how much you can withstand before you and your case break in two...?
No one asked for your name, witness.
The important thing is what you know... That's all. Start talking. ...We're listening.
Blacker than a moonless night, hotter and more bitter than Hell itself... That is coffee. I'm sure you can grant me at least this much... Your Honor. Oh, please. Proceed.
The appraisers I spoke to said they couldn't attach a price to it. And I mean that in the worst sense.
This coffee here... It's my own special blend. I call it Godot #107. I'm trying to decide whether to cut down on the acidity or the bitterness... That's the only thing I've got on my mind right now... ...Mr. Trite!
If you're really a man, you should clean up your own mess.
If you're saying it wasn't Mask☆DeMasque that stole the urn... ...then it must be someone imitating Mask☆DeMasque's methods... A fake.
Now, before I decide on my coffee, I believe some proof is in order, Mr. Trite. Proof that the person who appeared at Lordly Tailor that night was actually a fake.
Ha...! Well, it proves someone here is a fake alright. ...It proves that this lawyer is a fake.
Ha...! Well then, why don't you go ahead and show us what it is. Go on. Use this pointer and show us just what about this picture is so "peculiar".
Ha...! The place that you're pointing to is all wrong.
The only thing "peculiar" in this courtroom... is on top of your head.
Ha...! Still haven't given up? So what is it then?
Hey now... ...If you're gonna have a pity party, invite me, too!
Ha...! The broach you're talking about... Do you mean this?
Well I've always had a good nose for evidence... I got it at the crime scene. It was hidden in the shadow of a big female Buddha statue.
...I always put evidence away in my pocket. ...After all, it's the safest place for crucial evidence.
It's a little early to be shaken up, isn't it, little lady? ...That friend of yours left pretty little hickeys on there, too.
Figuratively speaking, of course... I'm referring to Ron DeLite's fingerprints.
I've grown attached to my metallic girlfriend here. ...Take good care of her.
Obviously there must have been a big struggle that night at the crime scene.
Ha...! You mess with Godot... ...and you get burned.
Well Judge, I'm about ready to call my next witness.
You've proven your own incompetence. That's good enough.
One second is one drip of the coffee pot. Let's hurry it up.
Ha...! Not bad. Not bad at all. You're the forst person that's ever been able to penetrate my secret veil.
The true measure of a man is in the amount of work he does. That's what I always say.
Hold on. That's quite enough... Your Honor.
Save the big questions for the testimony. That's one of my rules.
...Well, it looks like we've cleared that up. You can go on with your testimony.

...To err is human, to forgive divine. Humans aren't machines... They have souls, feelings. They live, they die, they love, they hate... And yes, they even make mistakes...
Really? What is it like then!?
Always chase a riddle down to the end. That's one of my rules.
Imposters like you are often suspicious of others as well.

Godot Blend #102... ...My personal favorite.
"The Ace Detective is actually an Ace Thief!" I smell a best-selling novel! There's only one problem... It simply isn't true.
I will admit my opponent has woven a compelling narrative out of whole cloth. Bit it is, in fact, nothing more than a patchwork quilt. Mr. Trite... If this detective really is the thief, then show us the proof of your claim. But it had better be as hot... and as perfect as the coffee dripping down your face!
It looks to me like Mr. Trite is still a mite sleepy. Perhaps he'd like a big mug of my special Godot blend? Well?
Ha...! Just what I thought. A man has to told his head up high no matter how bad things get, after all.

Ha...! Pathetic...
Yes, Your Honor... It simply amazes me how quickly times change... In the old days, a man was to be taken at his word. It's truly sad...
Before casting aspersions at Detective Atmey, consider the young lady here. Your name is Desirée... Desirée DeLite. Is that correct?
Ha...! How charming... The lengths that a woman is willing to go to save her husband is truly inspiring.
As the wife of the criminal, you could have "discovered" that stolen urn anywhere. Including the office of the good detective here. So you found the urn. What does that prove? It certainly doesn't prove where the urn was before you "found" it.
Please Madame... This town is already filled to the brim with lies. Any more could only compound the tragedy we have been witness to.
What's wrong? Isn't it your job to come up with something to say...?
Ha...! It looks like I was wrong about you, Mr. Trite. In this town overflowing with lies, there's still a single flickering candle of truth.
Exactly... And this urn is all the proof I need to make my case...
You still don't get it, huh? Listen closely, Mr. Trite. This is the urn that Mask☆DeMasque stole, right? Now the wife of the accused comes strolling in here with the very same urn, correct? Now, who would you think is the thief?
Let me give you an important piece of advice. The one who keeps a cool head all the way until the game's end is the winner.

Well, even if your fingerprints are on the urn... ...it still doesn't prove when they were put there, does it?
Wh-What did you just say!?
Ha...! This blend... Godot Blend #107... I've decided... It's a little too bitter after all!
He's still in the lobby, laughing insanely, Your Honor. I wish I could enjoy the joke as much as he seems to be.
...
Ha...! Hey there, Mr. Thief...
If you're really a man, then clean up your own mess.
If you are Mask☆DeMasque... then prove it. That's what it means.
Good boy! Just remember one thing. A boy only gets one chance in his life to become a man!
OK, then... Talk! ...We're all listening.
Ha...! You're doing great!
Like I said, you're only going to get one chance to testify, alright? But if you make it through this with flying colors, I'll keep my promise, too. I'll make sure you stay locked up in prison as the one and only true Mask☆DeMasque!
Ha...! You think you can prove that? Wake up and smell the coffee!
...I'm not surprised. Anger is the last refuge of the pathetic.
Ha...! It looks like I was right. ...Mr. Trite. The more pathetic a man is, the more likely he is to start pointing fingers!
...Come on, Mr. Thief. Don't let this guy beat you! Tell him why he's wrong!
Ha...! That was a pretty good try, Mr. Trite... Unfortunatley, you've overlooked one small thing.
"Motive" of course! Why would this thief go to KB Security in the middle of the night anyway!?
B-Blackmail...?
...Ungh... Urk... No No No No No NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!

...You may see it as a perfect case, Judge, but to me... Well, let's just say that my Godot Blend #107 impresses me a lot more.
You say the thief was being blackmailed by the CEO of a security company... But... Did you actually investigate this CEO at all?
Accusing a man of blackmail with no proof? I'm not sure what I think of that...
What do you mean by that, Mr. Trite?
Ha...! That's the first time one of your jokes actually made me truly laugh.
Oh...?
Bwaaaah...!
The name of the CEO of KB Security is Kane Bullard. I was unable to contact him directly, but... I got the key card data. ...Here.
Each key card has its own serial number and they leave detailed records of their use. According to this data... this card was used at 1 AM on the morning of the crime.
Ha...! It looks like you're right. Two minutes isn't even enough time to brew a good cup o' Joe...
Ron DeLite was clearly in the office of KB Security's CEO at the time of the crime. ...The prosecutor's office is ready to admit that fact. Therefore, it's impossible for the defendant to be Mask☆DeMasque.
Hrpmh...!
Come on... Give the kid some time. He's just got a little touch of the blues. You know about feeling blue, right, amigo?
Oh come on! I just came here to say thanks to my newest buddy... ...You, Mr. Trite.
Well, playtime is over.
Early this morning... the body of Kane Bullard was discovered.
The estimated time of death was 1 AM on October 12th.
...That's right, amigo. At the same time that a cheap little urn was being stolen... ...the CEO of KB Security was being murdered.
Oh come on. You've figured it out already, haven't you amigo? Or... Have you already forgotten about that piece of info I helped you out with today?
On October 12th, at 1 o'clock in the morning... Ron DeLite was in the CEO's office... ...The scene of the murder. After getting that blackmail letter, he must have been imbrued with utter rage.
Come on! Don't tell me you didn't know it! Ron DeLite was once an employee of KB Security... He was a professional security guard.
It looks like the alibi that saved him from being convicted as a thief... ...is going to be the noose that gets him hanged. Kind of an "anti-alibi".
He can't be the thief because he was at the murder scene when the murder occurred!
Ron DeLite. You're going back to prison again. This time the charge is much more serious. This time you'll be tried for murder.
I'm looking forward to another exciting showdown, Mr. Trite!
You and I aren't through with each other yet. Surely you won't back down from a challenge! You've never been a coward!
I've returned from the depths of Hell to do battle with you. ...At least let me have some fun while I'm here!
Well then... Time to say goodbye to Mr. DeLite.
So we finally meet... Mr. Phoenix Trite!
I've returned from the depths of Hell... To do battle with you.
Come on! Don't tell me you didn't know it! Ron DeLite was once an employee of KB Security... He was a professional security guard.
You're "ready"? Preparation is the last refuge of the week.
Ron DeLite is simply too young to be sent to war. ...That's all.
Ha...! Then you need to get out more, Your Honor. Life is war. But that is exactly why you must be more precise in your wording. That's all my statement means. You understand now, right?
And... that's when our little lost kitten dropped the ball. That little lost kitten is, of course, the defendant.
I never drink more than 17 cups of coffee during any given trial. But the first one... is always the best.
...OK, then. Let's hear what the defendant, Mr. Ron DeLite, has to say for himself.
Ha...! You've got guts, Trite.
...You did it. Didn't you?
Ha...! Very well. Now then... Can you tell me something? If you didn't kill Bullard, why did you go to KB Security?
The weak get washed away by the tides of fate... The strong drink it up. Ha...! It's bitter today, too... Just like my destiny.
It's too late for a coffee date, that's for sure.
Money, eh. A perfect motive for commiting murder.
Ha...!

Tsk, tsk. I'm afraid that reason isn't going to hold up anymore.
The victim had no proof the defendant was Mask☆DeMasque. But… You were the one who stole company secrets only one year earlier.
Ha...! Men are like colonies of bacteria. The more heat you apply, the faster they grow.
Well then, feel free to keep up the heat, my little lawyer amigo!
Yes, now come on. Provide some evidence to back up your assertion. Why would Mr. DeLite want to keep his data stealing secret from going public!?
Ha...! Well, Mr. Defendant?
And yet... A year ago, you were fired without notice... Revenge for an old grudge? A perfect motive for murder, wouldn't you say?
The world is filled with those who have said, "I wish I had never asked that."
You stole some data... and sold it.
Someone who brings harm to their company is fired as punishment. You'd well to remember that.
...Looks like if I just sit back and relax, the fun will end before it truly begins.
Yes, we know. It was all your wife's fault.
Mr. DeLite stole company data to pay for his wife's spending habit, for which he was fired. Unable to face his own wife, someone used this dirty little secret to blackmail him. And that is how this murder came about!
The motive is clear. Let's move on.
What happened at the crime scene at 1 in the morning, Mr. DeLite? Come now! Tell us! We're all ears.
Ha...! No one's going to believe a pathetic lie like that.
Got that, Mr. Trite? Don't go easy just because he's your client. If I see any sign that you are, I'll treat you to another cup of my special blend!
Even I didn't know that. It seems our little friend really loves to keep secrets.
Ha...! My 6th cup of coffee is staring up at me coldly.
Question. When does someone toss their dirty shorts in the washing machine?
The answer is simple. When they take them off.
Ha...! So you're not as stupid as you look!
Ha...! That's certainly a convenient story for you, isn't it?
Ha...! I think you had a simpler reason than that. It's because you killed him! That's why you spent 10 minutes hiding the body.
...

Ha...! Let's remember who we're dealing with here. He probably had no idea there were security personnel in the building!

But! As it turns out, the guard never came.

Ha...! Again, remember who we're dealing with here. It's a sure bet that Mr. DeLite didn't even notice the buzzer going off!
... Ugh...! Fine. Let's hear your theory.
S-So what are you trying to say...!?

Th-This is preposterous! It was this kid... ...Ron DeLite, is the one who killed Kane Bullard!
I-It was... The victim, of course! He pressed the buzzer when the defendant attacked him! He didn't die right away! He must have held on long enough to push that button!
Ha...! "Possible"? More like "definite", Mr. Trite.
The victim, Kane Bullard, and his killer... Mr. DeLite.
Ha...! I can hear it... The sound of a buzzer!
It's going off inside your head at this very moment. ...The emergency buzzer of your heart!
Hey, come on now... At least give some thought to what you say before opening your mouth.
Phwoooooooooooh!!

R...Ron DeLite... obviously wiped them off!
He touched that button! I know he did!
Ha...! It would seem... I've been forced to eat crow!
Ha...! It looks like you're fresh out of parlor tricks.
Oh ho... You've got some guts. I like that in an opponent.

Ha...! Is there a functioning brain underneath all that ridiculous hair, Mr. Trite?
The accused testified that he was hit as soon as he entered the room. In other words, as far away from the buzzer as he could possibly be at the time!

Ha...! Is there a functioning brain underneath all that ridiculous hair, Mr. Trite?
The panel around the button is labeled quite clearly. It says, "Emergency Buzzer".
Let me guess. Maybe next, you'll want to claim this mysterious "killer" was illiterate?
Ha...! What a touching story! You're saying the killer had a change of heart and called the guard to turn himself in?
Phwooooooooooh!
Ha...! It would seem... I've been made to eat my words once again!

Aren't you forgetting something, Mr. Trite?
Where was Desirée DeLite at 1:00 AM that night...?
She was being questioned after being stopped for reckless riding... ...I have a record of it here.
Ace Detective...
Of course. A famous detective was unmasked as... well, as Mask☆DeMasque.
You know... It's almost time.
For Luke Atmey's verdict. It was a pretty simple trial, after all. If we're going to stop this trial and stall that one, we need to do it now. Of course... That's assuming you have proof that the detective was the one who committed the murder.
Ha...! A bet's only good when your life's the ante.
Ha...! So that's your answer, huh?
Alright, Mr. Atmey... The night of the murder... Speak! ...We're listening!

Ha...! Are you saying that this is not, in fact, Luke Atmey? That it could be an accomplice dressed up as Mask☆DeMasque to create an alibi...?
Now remember you've said that, Mr. Trite, because there's no going back. If you're making baseless claims, I'll treat you to a penalty itself!
So who was it, Mr. Trite!? Who was the accomplice!?
Ha...! That's quite the prank you're trying to pull... Do you have any evidence that this person is, in fact, the accomplice?

He was simply caught by the very camera that he had set up... We all have days like that.
Surely even you understand by now.
Me, as a sepcies, are doomed to a life of bitterness and frustration.

Unfortunately, I'm afraid you can't call that "funny" either, Mr. Trite!
While a security camera that only records the time leaves something to be desired... ...the Lordly Tailor staff are the ones who set up the camera. It is not the fault of this witness.
Ha...! Today's java has a little extra kick to it...
That's nothing unusual for this guy...
I'm afraid that's impossible. The camera was set up by Lordly Tailor. And on top of that... ...it was Lordly Tailor staff that printed that picture's data. Unfortunately for the defense, there's no way that picture could have been altered.

But when I went there the day after the theft... ...that statue of the old bag was sitting in the corner.
Ha...! In that case... Can you prove it? Can you give us the "rhyme and reason" as to why that statue was moved that night?
A man should be able to answer his own questions. That's what I think. Right now I'm busy trying to come up with two answers of my own. Why is coffee black? And... Why is it bitter...?
Interesting thoery... Please enlighten us. Just where in this picture does this "lie" exist!?
Ha...! You know... I really wish you would start acting more responsibly...
The current question is, "why was the golden statue moved?" So what possible conncetion could there with Mask☆DeMasque's identity?
I'll ask you again, Mr. Trite.
Jumping to conclusions again? I think you need to take a gander in your logical mirror.
I'll ask you again, Mr. Trite.
The statue was taken down to the warehouse on the day of the crime... ...and it was placed there in order to cover up the paint.
Wh-What the...!?
...My 11th cup. I've promised to drink no more than 17 during a trial. Which means... I'm still good 'til the last drop.
"A good point"...? So what? We are all but travelers on a road of infinite points.
...So you say this photograph was taken ahead of time. And that the statue was moved in order to make it match... That's a very interesting idea. However. There's one point that can't be denied.
That it's only... a "possibility". Men that are trapped by the chains of "maybe"... ...can never reach their dreams!
Hey! Mr. DeMasque!
If there's no funny business in your actions as Mask☆DeMasque... ...there should be no problem with you telling us your strategy. So let's hear it.
Is there a problem with that calling card?
I'm not finding this joke to be very funny, Mr. Trite!
Urghh...! Y-You can't be serious...!
...Phwoooooh!
Ha...! It's so sad... No one has any conviction these days...
Yesterday, we all decided unanimously that this man was Mask☆DeMasque. And now, we're calling him a murderer... You don't think we're being a tad fickle?
You say that Luke Atmey was the one who killed Kane Bullard? Then let me ask you this. Why would he do that?
The only one with any motive we've seen is Ron DeLite. Isn't that right, Detective!?
This is the blackmail letter found in the defendant's apartment. A handwriting test confirms that Mr. Bullard was indeed the one who wrote the letter.
I will.
After doing a thorough background check of Detective Atmey and Kane Bullard... ...we were unable to find any links between them. It's all in the report.
Nope.
There's no mistake. We have an official report to prove it.
The letter was discovered in Ron DeLite's apartment. And Mr. DeLite did show up at the designated place and time. The fact that there is no addressee is irrelevant.
I don't know where a walking contradiction like you gets off saying things like that...
At times like these, men are made to express themselves with their fists. Why don't you show us what you've got there, junior?
Ha...! A little two-one punch like that wouldn't even faze me...
Here is a file that we discovered in Me. Bullard's office. Evidence that Mr. Bullard was receiving money through blackmail..
I have here a memo from Ron DeLite's wife, Desirée DeLite. "Ronnie thinks he's Mask☆DeMasque! Don't you feel sorry for him? Please don't think too badly of him!" Ha...! Well, Mr. Trite?
Color...? I'm not much for discussing color myself...

And your point is, Mr. Trite!? So you are trying to say that this blackmail letter was intended for someone else. ...That is what you're trying to say!? Right, Trite?
Actually I don't think it had any class at all.
Hey... It looks like you've got some life in you yet...
A-A jewel...?

It seems... You've gone too far with your childish pranks, Mr. Trite.
Kane Bullard blackmailing Luke Atmey? Are you for real?
Then answer me this! The blackmail letter contains the following passage. "If you don't want your identity revealed to the world"...!
Kane Bullard threatened to make Luke Atmey's "identity" public knowledge! An "identity" he wanted to keep a secret. So just what was that identity!?
That's my line.
...That's my line, too. Listen up, you. This is what you've been saying up to this point in time. "The witness pretended to be Mask☆DeMasque in order to pin the murder on the defendant." In which case! You'll want to insist, up to and beyond the day you die... ...that Ron DeLite was in fact Mask☆DeMasque!

Hey now... Isn't that a little different from what you've been saying? You said that Kane Bullard was the one blackmailing Luke Atmey. Are you saying that Atmey was blackmailing someone else on top of that?
In that case, let's see some hot, bitter evidence. During the first crime, how did Luke Atmey know that Ron DeLite was Mask☆DeMasque?
The only thing a man should throw when he's frustrated is a hissy fit.

The hammer that strikes too fast has no time to aim.
Allow me to say one thing. I... will be the one to judge!
It appears... that your claws weren't quite sharp enough, Mr. Trite.
It's true that you've proven a lot of things. ...Things like Luke Atmey was a filthy blackmailer. ...And that he wasn't at Lordly Tailor the night of the murder.
But... There's still one thing you have yet to prove.
Just because he wasn't at the warehouse doesn't mean he was at the murder scene. Therefore, if you can't prove that this pitiful excuse for a man was at KB Security... ...then I don't see how a verdict can be delivered!
That's long enough. Mr. Trite... I want to hear your answer.
Ha...! Don't you worry. I'll watch over you. ...As you break down and fall to pieces.
Mr. Trite... It's time you learned the true flavor of life... The flavor of my special Godot Blend #49!

Unfortunately... That's as far as you go, Mr. Trite.
I won't allow for any more testimony... That's what I mean.
Have you forgotten? Luke Atmey is here after we interrupted his own trial. And you have failed to prove that he committed the murder! I think it's time for this witness to return to his own tiral... ...and face his guilty verdict as Mask☆DeMasque.
"Double Jeopardy"... One of the basic rules of any court of law.
Mr. Atmey will be found guilty in a matter of minutes. Guilty as "Mask☆DeMasque". Which means...
......
...! Ah, nothing.
...Let's hear it.
It's true that the witness made some "remarks". So then... Let's hear this last bit of cross-examination.
Are you going to make even more trouble for us now, Sir Lawyer...?
Ha...! It seems that the party's about to begin.
...Cup number 17. The last cup. It seems like the time has come to put an end to this trial.

...You still don't get it, do you, Trite? This isn't the time to be pressing the witness on every little statement.
I said this before... There's still one thing you haven't proven. That this scum was in Kane Bullard's office that night... And now... it's time for me to drink my last cup!

...You still don't get it, do you, Trite? This isn't the time to be pressing the witness on every little statement.
I said this before... There's still one thing you haven't proven. That this scum was in Kane Bullard's office that night... And now... it's time for me to drink my last cup!

...You still don't get it, do you, Trite? This isn't the time to be pressing the witness on every little statement.
I said this before... There's still one thing you haven't proven. That this scum was in Kane Bullard's office that night... And now... it's time for me to drink my last cup!

...You still don't get it, do you, Trite? This isn't the time to be pressing the witness on every little statement.
I said this before... There's still one thing you haven't proven. That this scum was in Kane Bullard's office that night... And now... it's time for me to drink my last cup!

...You still don't get it, do you, Trite? This isn't the time to be pressing the witness on every little statement.
I said this before... There's still one thing you haven't proven. That this scum was in Kane Bullard's office that night... And now... it's time for me to drink my last cup!

...You still don't get it, do you, Trite? This isn't the time to be pressing the witness on every little statement.
I said this before... There's still one thing you haven't proven. That this scum was in Kane Bullard's office that night... And now... it's time for me to drink my last cup!

...You still don't get it, do you, Trite? This isn't the time to be pressing the witness on every little statement.
I said this before... There's still one thing you haven't proven. That this scum was in Kane Bullard's office that night... And now... it's time for me to drink my last cup!

...You still don't get it, do you, Trite? This isn't the time to be pressing the witness on every little statement.
I said this before... There's still one thing you haven't proven. That this scum was in Kane Bullard's office that night... And now... it's time for me to drink my last cup!

...You still don't get it, do you, Trite? This isn't the time to be pressing the witness on every little statement.
I said this before... There's still one thing you haven't proven. That this scum was in Kane Bullard's office that night... And now... it's time for me to drink my last cup!

...You still don't get it, do you, Trite? This isn't the time to be pressing the witness on every little statement.
I said this before... There's still one thing you haven't proven. That this scum was in Kane Bullard's office that night... And now... it's time for me to drink my last cup!

...You still don't get it, do you, Trite? This isn't the time to be pressing the witness on every little statement.
Wh-What...?
For some reason, I'm starting to get really thirsty...
It was... just a few hours ago. Back when my sixth cup was looking at me with a cold stare.

C-Come on! This detective must have known about it! He probably had plenty of chances to find out beforehand!
...One way, you say!?

But Mr. DeLite never saw him! There's no way to tell whether or not the "real killer" was Luke Atmey...
J-Just what are you implying!?
I-Impossible...
I've been careless.
