Urgh! This is without doubt... the worst coffee I have ever tasted, Mr. Armstrong.
Perhaps Mr. Armstrong stole one of the victim's tickets on the day in question.
He had the wrong ticket.
Mr. Armstrong made off with the winning ticket's pretty neighbor.
Not quite. He did win something. A dollar.
Indeed. What did happen to it? I don't like spoiling myself by watching trailers, so... ...we'll just wait and see how the movie turns out tomorrow, won't we?
... Aaah, bitter!
Mr. Trite... Whether you're a fake or the real deal... We will find out soon enough through this trial today.
I wasn't questioning whether you are Phoenix Wright or not. I was questioning whether you had studied law or not. That's what I intend to find out.
Let's start with the formalities, shall we? Name and occupation?
Other way around, Detective.
Come, Detective. Take up this hammer. And nail the defendant's coffin shut with your own two hands.
Using the drak, aromatic depths of coffee to conceal the poison... Classy lady!

What killer wouldn't say that when faced with a homicide conviction?
Sadly, her testimony isn't supported by the owner or the other customer. Isn't that right, Detective Gumshoe?
Ha...! That argument is as weak as the coffee at Trés Bien, Trite!
I have here in my possession a ticket.
Yes. A one-way ticket to guilty-ville! Population: the defendant! This is a photograph taken from near the entrance to the kitchen.
I think the court will agree that with such a clear view of the scene of the crime... ...how, Mr. Trite, could anyone have overlooked a second person at the table?

Ha...! Do you put salt and pepper in your coffee, Trite?

In case you were wondering, that last objection was for the detective there.
"Oh, hey! You're right!"? You may be fooling the court, but I'm not falling for it. If you have the time to waste, you have the time to present that piece of evidence.
Yes. THAT piece.
This!
Yes, the victim's cup. Take a good look at the rim.
Conclusive proof that the victim did drink the poisoned coffee that was in this cup. The victim gulped down the bitter death that the waitress brought to him... like this!
A lethal does is 0.2 grams. That's about enough to finish anyone off.

You know what my golden rule is, Detective? Chuck out a bad cup of coffee. You can always get another.
I'm saying, we can always get another witness on the stand, if we have to chuck you out.
So stick to the facts, Detective. Now then, what was Ms. Byrde's motive?
And it wasn't just any lottery ticket. It was a winning ticket for half a million!
Ha...! I have here in my hand... the very ticket in question!
Ha...! She's quite a lucky bird, our little waitress.
It's just a scrap of paper. What matters is where it was found, Your Honor.
I like an old man who knows the score.
I don't like an old man who is weak to the siren call of money.
I'd say it's about time to wrap up this repeat performance... ...with one final, decisive piece of evidence.
This is the apron the delightful Ms. Byrde was wearing at the time.
Ha...! It seems the star of our play was a little flustered... And somehow spilled coffee on herself.
Of course. The coffee stain isn't the most interesting thing about this apron. No, there's something else that stands out even more.
Of course. I'm referring to the pocket.
A search carried out right after the incident uncovered this... Potassium cyanide. The very poison used by the killer, was in her apron pocket!
Bloodstain? What bloodstain would that be?
That's ridiculous! No one told me anything about a bloodstain!
Well, Detective!? Could this stain really be... BLOOD!?
Pull a stunt like that again, and I'll have you drink 17 cups of ketchup, witness!
Well, Trite... It seems you really are a phony after all.
Last chance to convince the court you're a real lawyer, Trite!
Don't court on any more cross-examinations after this one! So, let the fun begin!
Ha...! It was nothing! I caught each one with my teeth.
The old man was only other customer in the place at the time. He took his time finding a pay phone apparently, so he was late reporting the crime.
Save the romantics for your own time, Detective. All we need to know about is the investigation.
Or some kind of outlaw... Why not give him a bit of an edge?
It seems Mr. Glen Elg visited his doctor before he went to Trés Bien.
Ha...! True, the victim didn't have a medical insurance card. But why? Because Mr. Glen Elg didn't have medical insurance to begin with!
Or some kind of outlaw... A bit of an edge never hurt anyone.
Ha...! You're entering an empty paper bag as evidence? Desperate, are you, Trite?
Now, what happened with the investigation after that, Detective?

Keep up this crazy testimony, Detective, and those shoes will end up down your throat!
So, Trite. "Someone planted the evidence in Maggey's pocket"...? That's a pretty bold statement. Care to back it up with some evidence?
Ha...! That's all.
Read for the court the name of the clinic on the prescription bag, if you will.
Hardly an illness, Your Honor. More like a bitter war wound, you could say.
The day before the incident, Mr. Elg found himself in a fight. He took a blow to the side of the head, and ruptured his eardrum.
It was a cream that was to be applied topically inside his ear canal, not to be ingested!
It's mentioned in the autopsy report, if you read the fine print. They found traces of the medication in the victim's left ear.
It seems Mr. Elg correctly applied some of his medication while he was at Trés Bien. Therefore, it would be absurd to believe that he would have eaten his medication.
Ha...! Maybe the last Mr. Trite was the real one. At least he didn't waste time.
...!

You know as well as I do that the medication is irrelevant. It hardly seems likely that a prescription drug would contain potassium cyanide.
Aaargh!
...
...
Ha...! I suppose this means I'll just have to finish you off in my last 6 cups.
The prosecution calls the lucky old-timer who caught the show over a cup of coffee. Will the witness please take the stand.
Name and occupation, if you don't mind.
So you saw everything that happened, gramps?
Then please, tell the court. We're all ears.
Ha...! A bottle like this, perhaps?
So what did the accused put into the coffee? I think it's clear, don't you?
So it was an immediate death? Well, with potassium cyanide, I suppose that is possible.
Oh, yes. I know that feeling.

The witness noticed the straps on the accused's apron. He'd unlikely to make a mistake about her face.
So you see, there's nothing wrong with the witness's eyesight.

People have all kinds of fetishes, Trite. We don't need to embarrass the witness.

Ha...! He's got you there, gramps!
Ha...! Well, well... Looks like we finally have a genuine trial on our hands.
Listen, Trite. Here are the facts. On the day of the incident, there was only one waitress in the restaurant.
Exactly. And when that one waitress put the poison into the coffee cup... ...this old guy was watching!
Just tell the court exactly what you saw, gramps.
Ha...! Perhaps the great Mr. Trite has three hands!
Care to tell us where this is going, Trite?
Sure, why not hear a little more?
But this is my 16th cup of coffee... So this is your final stand.
It wasn't a monocle, Your Honor. It was a small computer monitor often used by programmers.
The inside of the lens is a screen that displays computer data. It's called an HMD. It's a common tool in the victim's line of work.
...It is.
Aaaargh! A single drop of milk is all it takes to destroy the pure black magic in the cup! The old man... ...is my drop of milk!
Let me put you out of your misery... Clearly, the victim used both hands. He took a sip with the cup held in his right hand, and then switched to his left... That's what the old man saw!

Which hand the victim used to pick up his cup is irrelevant, Your Honor. The facts still stand! With one hand or the other, Mr. Elg drank the poisoned coffee... ...Like this!
Puuuurgh!
What!?
Sorry, gramps... I've already had my 17th cup of coffee.
...I'm impressed. By your ability to waste time.
...
Whatever. The prosecution doesn't need props like that.
Ready and waiting as always, Your Honor.
The mark on the rim of the cup shows that the victim drank from it with his right hand. But according to the old man's testimony, he picked it up with his left hand.
Ha...! Allow me to enlighten you, Your Honor. The world, you see, keeps turning, and we must turn with it.
Don't let the mysteries of yesterday mystify you today. Only losers think like that. You've got to change with the times! That's one of my rules!
The old guy wasn't just throwing seed in here. He was throwing us off the scent. And today I'll prove it.
And you are?
On the day of the incident, you were in Trés Bien's kitchen. Isn't that right?
...?
Ha...!
And suddenly, the mystery disappears! Like I said, the world keeps turning, so roll with it!
...

You didn't ask, Trite. You have only yourself to blame for such sloppy work.
A mirror was delivered to Trés Bien the day before the incident.
As Mr. Armstrong testified, he was carrying out some design changes. And as it turned out, he didn't actually use the mirror in the end.
Ha...! If you want to doubt someone, Trite, look in the mirror. I'm sure the person looking back at you will be dubious enough!

"Normally"? How does normality come into this? That's lame, Trite. Even for you.
Are you trying to say that if something isn't normal, it isn't possible? Is that it? Where does that leave the porcu-headed lawyer and the topknot chick over there... and the ungodly cool guy with the mask over here? Well, Trite!?
Ha...!

...How bitter. Trite, you should have a taste of this bitterness. It'll calm you down in no time.
You don't understand the way the witness thinks.
You remember this, I presume?
Exactly. The old man has one very grievous habit... other than throwing seeds. The more of an impression something makes, the more muddled his mind makes it. And what's the most striking thing about Mr. Elg?
And that's my point. The old man strikes again! Mr. Elg's HMD made a big impression on the old man. "I saw the earpiece and those new-fangled spectacles he was wearing! Oh, yes! They were both on his left ear! Do you hear? His left ear!" Ha...! Well, Trite?
A mirror can't be beaten by a handful of seeds, nor can it lie. So... What exactly was the old man looking at? Fill us in, Mr. Armstrong. Go on, tell the court. We're all ears.
Don't worry about it. We can keep up, except for the guy breaking out in a cold sweat over there again.

Look who's talking, Trite.
You're obstructing my view, among other things.
Trés Bien's "charm" is that it gives you the impression that you're the only customer. Temporarily placing a mirror in that spot would hardly be "in the way". Unlike you... Trite.
I'm already seeing a very hot someone, so I'm afraid you'll be waiting for a long time.
Ha...! I guess useless people are only really good at identifying useless things.
"Should not exist"? Ha... Sounds like you're describing yourself, Trite.
Ha...! I suppose it's up to me to clarify the defense's claim. The something that "shouldn't exist" is clearly...
"Should not exist"? Ha... Sounds like you're describing yourself, Trite.
Ha...! I suppose it's up to me to clarify the defense's claim. The something that "shouldn't exist" is clearly...
Heh heh...
Ha...! Suffering from a case of heartburn, Trite?
Add a few drops to your coffee, and voila! Enjoy.
Ha...! I guess useless people are only really good at identifying useless things.
"Should not exist"? Ha... Sounds like you're describing yourself, Trite.
Ha...! I suppose it's up to me to clarify the defense's claim. The something that "shouldn't exist" is clearly...
"Should not exist"? Ha... Sounds like you're describing yourself, Trite.
Ha...! I suppose it's up to me to clarify the defense's claim. The something that "shouldn't exist" is clearly...

Don't be an idiot, Trite! That's impossible! That seat's the only one coudld've seen the victim's reflection from!
...!

Don't try to confuse the court, Trite! Obviously, the witness cleaned up the vase... ...while the police were taking their time getting to the crime scene!
Ur... urgh! ... Gaaaaaaaaargh!
Ha...! You only get one shot in life. There's no turning back. If you want to claim that the mirror wasn't there, Trite... ...then this problem is all yours. How do you explain what the old man saw?
Mr. Trite... You're the one who brought up all these contradictions.
If you're trying to tell us the old man just made a mistake... ...we can wrap up this case right now with a guilty verdict!

Well, I believe we saw an autopsy report yesterday. One that stated the victim's left eardrum was ruptured, and had medicine in it!
What!?
Phwoooooooh!
Quiet, gramps! Why don't you clear out of here, huh?
Trite... Are you saying what Mr. Kudo saw was a set-up?

Get real, Trite! Why would anyone want to do that?

Are you insinuating that the waitress in the old man's story was a fake as well? It's true that there were no customers in the restaurant at the time, but... ...it's also true that the chef was there! He would have noticed what was happening.

Ha...! Unfortunately for you, Trite... ...yesterday's witness also testified that the victim was alone.
You know, seeing you squirm like that reminds me... ...of a certain coffee's bitter-sweet bite.
I drank your coffee once, Mr. Armstrong. It's special, I'll give you that. It's worth a sip just for the experience.
I said it was worth one sip, and nothing more.

How many times do you need to ask the same thing, Trite? You'd never catch me drinking the same blend twice!
You're trying to establish the presence of a "phony victim" in the restaurant. But you're wasting your time. You can't grind bird seed to make coffee, if you catch my drift...
Presumably the defendant heard that too, then, correct?
By your own argument, Trite... ...the purpose of this "phony victim's" performance was so the old man would see it. In other words... ...once the incident occurred, this opportunity would completely disappear.
Get to the point, Trite. If you have one.

Quite a performance, Trite. You were almost on a roll.
But sadly, you lack the rock hard foundation of rhythm to build your song!
Let's recap. According to your "imaginative" theory, it's now just after 2 PM... The phony Elg is performing a play for the benefit of Mr. Kudo. How do you explain then, where the real Glen Elg is!?

Thank you, Trite. That's exactly what I was hoping you would say.
Now, I presume you can prove this theory of yours...? Can you explain where the missing corpse went to!?
According to the old man's testimony, there was only one other customer there. If that "customer" was the phony Glen Elg... ...then where did the killer hide the body of the real victim!?
No conjecture, Trite. Let's hear some facts for once. Show the court a piece of evidence that proves where the was hidden!
Nice supposition. But the real question is, "Can you back it up?" Where's the evidence that proves the body was hidden in that location!?
Too bad... I don't think you'll ever grasp the real heart of Rock'n'Roll.
Ha...! I'd say it's already empty, Trite!
Ha...! I'd say it's already empty, Trite!
Y-You can't be serious...
Bwooooar!
Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
...The bitterness... Every time I get lied to, I always down a mug of coffee. ...That's one of my rules.
Then I like to do the same to the person who lied to me. I like to take them down with my empty cup! Listen up, chef! How about a brand new flavor in your ear, my "h" deficient friend?
I'm only going to ask you once. Did you do it?
Let's hear it. You've got one shot. Right, gramps?
Don't worry, Trite. We've got this covered.
Don't worry, Trite. We've got this covered.
Don't worry, Trite. We've got this covered.
Don't worry, Trite. We've got this covered.
...
...Thirty minutes.
The trial will go on. I'll see to it myself. I need half an hour to get that guy on the stand. Not a minute more.
Don't sit back and relax yet, Trite! No one knows if that chef is really telling the truth or not. This trial could still go either way.
I even tamed him for you. It was a 3 cup job. No problem.
He's pretty lively. Be careful... He still bites.
There's no need to shout. We can all hear you.
There's no point struggling. You're caught in a snare. The relentless snare of the law! And I'm the one that hauled you in!
Let's start with the basics. You know about the incident in question, correct?
You mean you didn't attend the previous trial of Maggey Byrde?
Ha...! I love a good spectator sport.
This witness is... How can I put it? A hungry tiger roaming the urban jungle! Get on his bad side, and he'll bite everyone's heads off. Yours, too!
Ha...! Why don't you ask him to represnt you sometime, Trite?

This is a dead end, Trite, and you know it. Remember the rules!

This is a dead end, Trite, and you know it. Remember the rules!
Mr. Tigre. The court asks you to add that last statement to your testimony.

This is a dead end, Trite, and you know it. Remember the rules!

This is a dead end, Trite, and you know it. Remember the rules!
So you're saying that your claim to have "never seen that kid before" is the truth?
Ha...! Then I'd say that gives me time... to enjoy another cup of pure black magic! That is, while you testify for the court again, Mr. Tigre.
I've heard it's pretty hard to keep appointments when you're dead.
Ha...! What do you think, Trite? Let's see. How does a dead man get from a French restaurant to a loan shark's office?
Well, well... Looks like an order just came in for another testimony.
Ha...! No problem. Any time Trite presses you on something irrelevant, I'll see he pays a penalty.
Your job is to slam that little hammer of yours and call a guilty verdict. So do it!

Ha...! You're going over old ground again, Trite.
You just earned yourself a penalty. Now suck it down!

The witness has already told us, Trite. Which makes that question... irrelevant!
I limit myself to 17 cups of coffee during a trial. That's the rule. You better limit the number of times you take a penalty, Trite. Or your guts will look like the inside of a chimney! Ashen!
There are matches just inside the front door. Our detective friend wound up in trouble with the chef after taking 5 books home.
We all have our crosses to bear. We all have to swallow the dark secrets we hide... ...Like this!
What's this, Trite? A new line of irrelevant questioning?

Wrong! Have you forgotten the old man's testimony yesterday? The victim was alone at his table.
What!?
...Ha...! Perhaps I can end this embarrassment.
Let's just go back over Mr. Kudo's testimony one more time. The old man didn't see just the victim! Oh, no, no, no.
Was the victim he saw the real victim or not? That doesn't matter. The fact remains, he saw the accused put the poison into the coffee!
Ha...! Found your pen at last, Trite?
Ha...! What a troublemaker.
Looks like we're going to need another one for the road. One more steaming cup of hot testimony!
We're talking about a guy who had 58 cents in his wallet.
Ha...! The undying belief that your next roll will end the worst losing streak you ever had... That's what defines a true gambler.

Let's not forget this witness was actually at the scene, Trite.
Your Honor! The witness's last few statements are worth a good two cups of coffee.
Then why didn't you take the lottery ticket when you left?

Let's not forget this witness was actually at the scene, Trite.
Your Honor! The witness's last few statements are worth a good two cups of coffee.

What are you getting at, Trite? What else would a moneylender be after other than money!?

You're trying to suggest the witness's motive was to get hold of that program?
The witness may be poor fashion sense, but he is by no means an idiot, Trite. A man like him could get his hands on one million dollars without resorting to murder.
It's evidence... that Trite has no idea what he's doing.
You're way off track, Trite. That evidence is irrelevant!
Ha...! No one would pay a bill like that. If the medical association got wind of it, the hospital would end up as dead as a morgue.
...! Did you say, "Cadaverini"?
Bwooooar!
Ha...! No one would pay a bill like that. If the medical association got wind of it, the hospital would end up as dead as a morgue.
...! Did you say, "Cadaverini"?
Bwooooar!

It's a nice little fairy tale, Trite. But even if the witness did need a million dollars... ...that doesn't tie him to Mr. Elg's murder. Mr. Elg only owed him 100,000 dollars, and had no hope of repaying it anyway!
The opposite?
It's evidence... that Trite has no idea what he's doing.
You're way off track, Trite. That evidence is irrelevant!
Care to explain how skill can be used as collateral to secure a loan, Trite?
The lottery win?
That's crazy!

Like I said, Trite, that's crazy. No one could pull off a stunt like that. For starters, there's no way the chef could've been kept out of it.
Interesting. Why don't you fill us all in, Trite? What was this trick you say Mr. Tigre performed to frame the accused?
And? What's the relevance of that, Trite?
An intro into what?

Can you prove that, gramps? Prove the "attorney" who represented the accused here a month ago was this man. Are you preapred to take the stand and testify that it was him!?

This isn't a matter of pride. In case you didn't know, Trite, here in court, we deal with people's lives!
You say he impersonated Glen Elg. You say he impersonated you. But none of that adds up to a murder charge. You don't have a shred of evidence that the witness poisoned the victim's coffee!
Ha...! Looks like I won't be needing a refill.
Don't keep us all in suspense, Trite! Show us. Naturally... ...we can assume it's evidence that will actually stand up in court... can't we?
...
You still haven't figured it out...? Don't you realize what you just said?
Well done... Trite. I saved my 17th cup of coffee just for you. Savor it... While you watch your caged prey.
He is being arrested on suspicion of the murder of Glen Elg, Your Honor.
And in the absence of genuine evidence. But The Tiger made one mistake.
Ha...! The truly frightening one... ...is that defense attorney over there.
