Ha...! You're not going to figure out the truth by just staring at the guy...
I came to see how our little kitten was doing all alone in the big, scary lion's den. ...I thought maybe you'd like someone to play with.
Ha...! That old man is probably still in bed. I bet he's clutching an empty bottle and mumbling in his sleep. Aren't I good enough? After all, it's me... Diego Armando!
No, no, no... You've got it all wrong! Today, YOU'RE the finest! After all, it took an amazing amount of guts to take this case! Imagine... An escaped death row convict for a first client!
Ha...! Relax. I just heard some good news. The prosecutor for today is fresh out of his diapers as well.
However... Unlike a certain somebody who I won't mention... ...he's earned the reputation as a "genius" since beginning his law career.
Well, it's about time to head in, Kitten. Sharpen those claws of yours. It's go time!
I guess our little kitten hasn't earned herself much of a reputation yet, huh?
But the defendant is not on trial for escaping prison. On the day that the defendant escaped, a policewoman was murdered...
You got it, Kitten.
OK now... Listen carefully, Kitten. One little mistake and this guy will drink you for morning tea! Trust me and get ready.
Hey, hey! Settle down there, Kitten! If you keep trembling like that, you're gonna make me spill my coffee!
The courtroom can be a cold battlefield alright. Especially... for a beginner.
Ha...! You got me there. But maybe you should keep your claws out, and show them what you've got... Kitten.
Ha...! Looks like the judge is even more sure of his verdict now. Listen up! Never ask a question if you don't already know the answer!
Ha...! Returning to the scene of the crime... How nostalgic.
The location was a suspension bridge, up in the mountains. So how did they find out about the crime so quickly...?
Ha...! If that's what had happened, then she wouldn't have been killed.
Ha...! ...For some reason, men always seem to get stabbed in the back...
Listen up, Kitten. There's a big trap waiting for you in that testimony.
Walk into it carelessly, and it'll leave more than just a flesh wound. Fun, huh?
Well, if you want to have any chance at all, you'd better get some more information. And if you're going to get caught in a trap, it's best to get caught early. You can always look for contradictions afterwards.
Hmph...! Say there, little Kitten, want a piece of my coffee candy?
Well, you're still too young to be drinking real coffee.
Hmph! That hot-shot sure has a flair for the dramatic...
Don't forget, Kitten. There's a reason why everyone considers this kid a genius.
Ha...! Save your nasty look for the right person.
...Take a look. Poor baby... The Court Record seems to have wet itself.
Heh, talk about a surprise. I had no idea there was a photo.
You really still believe him? Mr. Crybaby, I mean?
Hmph...! So the little kitten believes in fairy tales, huh... In that case, the answer is obvious. If what you believe is the truth... ...then that means that somewhere, hidden in that testimony, is a contradiction. One huge contradiction waiting to be discovered. ...That's your chance.
Just relax. Lick your wounds clean and then go after him again, Kitten. No matter how bitter the memory... It can never be as bitter as dark black coffee.
Ha...! A real man wouldn't stand for a taunt like this!
Wait a minute.
If you present that evidence, it would be like... Like jumping off a 100-story building into a bubbling pool of magma. ...After tying a 10-ton boulder around your neck.
To put it simply... It would be suicide.
Ha...!
You're doing pretty good. ...For a little kitten.
No matter what he says, a contradiction always comes down to a lie. It's either the victim discovered in the trunk... ...the witness's photo showing the defendant and the victim... ...or the witness's testimony that stated she saw the moment of the murder. Just relax and think it over. It's pretty simple, isn't it? The false evidence... It's one of those three.
Blame it on him, Your Honor. He's the one trying to slip false evidence into the court.
But we won't let him! We'll expose his evidence as the flimsy scam it really is!
You messed up again... Kitten.
There should be something else that's even more suspicious. Now think the whole thing over again.
Ha...! It's not just true. It's the truth. If there was a truly decisive witness in this case... ...I'm certain that boy wonder over there would have called them in the first place!
Ha...! It looks like the other kitten in the room is the one that's getting all the attention.
Ha...! You have a good sixth sense. When you feel that something's off, that's when you need to figure out why...
Be careful, Kitten. That girl has the judge wrapped right around her little finger. You're going to have a tough time poking holes in that testimony of hers.
Ha...! That guy is good.
He planned it from the beginning. He's a genius alright... That diagram of the bridge was his insurance policy.
If he accepts this testimony as it is, we're finished.
Oh well... Maybe I'll stop off at my favorite café on the way home. They make a really great mocha latté...
Ha...! That's what I like to hear...
Ha...! We're one step too slow...
Hey, Kitten... Have you ever put salt in your coffee?
Why not?
It may actually go better with coffee than sugar, right?
Listen. My point is if you're not sure, you might as well add a ton of salt to it. It might... bring out the rust in something. Like a piece of evidence.
By the way, I wouldn't put salt in my coffee. The two don't go well, after all.
Ha...! Save the tears for later, Kitten!
Don't look back until the trial is over. Now is the time to go forward.
OK, Kitten, you need to relax. Then you need to remember... The other kitten's testimony!
So tell us... How did you know that? How did you know that he broke into the trunk?
Until you can explain how you knew that... ...you're going to have a lot of very suspicious people on this side of the courtroom.
Hey Kitten, this is no time to play around!
Overlooking such a huge contradiction... What am I going do with you?
Ha...! I'm getting pretty tired of waiting over here!
Hey Kitten... Don't start getting all sloppy on me now. The fact is, she wasn't there, but the photo got taken. So how did it happen? This is a fastball right over home plate.
Listen... This is a crucial point. "Where was Ms. Foster when the incident occurred...?" In answering that question, we'll also make clear Ms. Foster's true identity.
Wait a minute, Kitten.
First of all, relax. Second of all, think the whole thing over again!
The only question is... why did she do it...?
Ha...!
...Yeah, but there's one more big obstacle we've got to get past.
Yeah. Motive. Why would Melissa Foster kill that policewoman anyway?
Anyway... We're still badly in need of information.
What we need the most is info about this Melissa Foster herself. All we know is that she's a student studying literature. And one more thing.
Well, the incident that happened 5 years ago, of course. The kidnapping-murder case that Zebra Boy is on death row for...
Ha...! Sorry buddy, but you sound like the one that could fall apart at any minute.
Hey, hold on there! Did you say, "Hawthorne"!?
Having a police detective in your pocket is a useful thing alright. In the end, you were planning on splitting the 2 million three ways, huh...
...And that's when they decided to give you the death sentence.
So that's why you called her. You wanted to hear the truth from Valerie herself.
Just one thing, Zebra Boy... My senses are tingling all over. Tell me, Mr. Fawles... Where is it?
Come on now, Kitten... The ransom. The 2 million dollar diamond. Remember that now? Did you give it back to Pops? Did the police take it?
Your "Teen Angel"...? How old was she anyway?
She plans a fake kidnapping and disappears into the river with a rock worth 2 mil... Man oh man... Angels these days.
...It's time, Kitten. It looks like we have a few more aces up our sleeve now.
The training wheels come off now, Mia! You've got to strike while the iron is hot! That's one of my rules. Remember it.
Hah...! You're still acting as tame as a kitten... Kitten.
Listen... A lawyer is someone who smiles no matter how bad it gets.
Smiling on the outside while your guts are twisted in knots is the mark of a pro.
It looks like this witness is a real professional.
Look at that 100-watt smile. ...Just when things are darkest for her... CLICK. She lights right up!
You're up to bat, Kitten. Sharpen those claws and put on your best smile.
Ha...! That's the oldest trick in the prosecutor's book.
Ha...! It looks like you pressed too hard this time, Kitten.
Keep looking around you and you're going to lose sight of the finish line. Justice is blind, but she's not deaf. Sometimes you have to know when not to talk.
Please, Kitten. You've got to do something... You're killing me over here.
Please, Kitten. You've got to do something... You're killing me over here.
Listen to me. She's neck-deep in this whole thing... Somehow, you're just going to have to get her to show the court her true self.
That's right... A person that no one would have suspected... Have you figured it out, Kitten?
...Hang on there, Kitten.
Here. I made some special café con leche for you... I put in plenty of sugar. Drink it up before it gets cold. Don't be shy.
Your brain needs stimulation. Drink some of this and then think it over again. Listen. Keep messing up like that and you're going to get the judge mad.
Ha...! Nice work... That was like tossing a grenade into a 3-alarm fire! But unless you can tie all the loose ends together... ...you're nothing but a hit-and-run arsonist.
Ha...! It looks like the kid knew. He knew her true identity from the get-go.
If you hadn't revealed her secret, he wasn't going to say anything about it. All he wanted was her testimony, so he made a little trade.
Ha...! I think you need a little push in the right direction, Kitten...
Ha...! What makes you think they're empty, boy?
...You think you're in a tough spot, huh?
...No. You've just arrived at the moment of truth, that's all. Whether you win or lose... That's up to you.
That witness stayed hidden for 5 years, Kitten. There must be a good reason for that. And somehow it must involve Valerie Hawthorne...
Dahlia and Valerie Hawthorne, and Terry Fawles... There's only one important secret that connects them all...
Ha...! If we're not allowed to fight, then let's twist some arms. ...Listen up. We've still got that info... That ace up our sleeve.
Come on, Kitten. Don't say you've forgotten already. The fact that the kidnapping 5 years ago was staged!
It's the moment of truth for this witness, too. Once the truth about this staged kidnapping comes out... Everyone in the court will know how much of a Jezebel she really is!
Ha...! Without evidence the trial is over? Who decided that?
Come on now, Kitten. Haven't you figured out that you can make your own rules? For example, even if there's no evidence, there's still testimony!
On the day in question, Dahlia Hawthorne murdered her sister, Valerie Hawthorne. She hid her body in the trunk of Mr. Fawles's stolen car and then went to meet with him... ...disguised as her sister, Valerie Hawthorne. That's what you think, right?
In that case, there's only one answer, right? There is only one person left who can testify about Valerie Hawthorne's murder!
Listen up. This is your last chance. Think it over carefully one more time.
Ha...! Oh well, I guess it'll have to be my coffee instead. At least it'll match the way he's probably feeling right now... Darker and bitterer than Hell itself.
There's only one person who can stop it... You, Kitten. ...I think.
I'm sure he is. Zebra Boy waited 5 years to ask a single question... To find out why a woman betrayed him. To him, 30 minutes must've been like a blink of the eye.
I know it's obvious, but... he's clearly lying. He's been cursed... by Dahlia Hawthorne. He'll probably go to his grave still believing in her.
Even if you can show he's lying, the poor guy will still be cursed... You'll still have to point out the contradiction anyway. That's the curse of being a defense lawyer, I guess...
Unforgivable... That witch...
We were so close to the truth. It was right there in front of us. You were just a little too soft, Kitten...
Don't cry, Kitten. You're going to make my coffee all salty.
............... Mia...
Don't you get it? You can't cry yet. The only time a lawyer can cry is when it's all over.
