Ha...! I could ask you the exact same question.
I had something slightly more important than a common cold to deal with. The importance of which is something you have no hope of ever understanding.
... Who's the wild mare, Trite?
Ha...! Well, I guess I owe you one then. But you can go now, princess. It's time for the big boys to take the reins.
Hey, Filly. Know your role, and shut your mouth. I can't stand women like you. I'm only going to say this once, Lady von Whippingberg. Go home!
Ha...! You deserve more cracks of the whip than that, Trite.
You still don't get it, do you? You don't realize that you've set something in motion that you'll never be able to undo.
... I've told you once before, but perhaps you don't remember.
I've returned from the depths of Hell... To do battle with you.
You see, Trite... I've experienced something most have not. Death.
Of course, being extradited from Hell is a tedious affair. The meticulous regeneration and adjustment of all your internal organs is... Well... Let's just say modern medicine allows us all to live to a ripe old age. Even someone like me.
This ugly device? I promise it's not a fashion statement, my unenlightened friend. Without this, I can't see your frequently dumbfounded face.
My eyesight is pretty messed up. Even with these huge goggles on my head, I still can't see everything. Still, I keep this worn-out piece of junk of a body going with regular servicing.
... Why don't you ask him?
Yeah, Trite. You. You should know all about it. You know when my life ended... And who ended it for me.
It will all become clear in due time. Isn't that right, Trite?
... The Inner Temple here on this side of Dusky Bridge is an isolated island.
And I wonder, Trite... Do you know what the police are doing here today?
They're searching... Searching for any trace of an acolyte who went missing.
As leader of the search party, I can tell you this with absolute certainty... Maya Fey is not on this side of Dusky Bridge.
I won't say it again. The chances of her being here are nil. Excluding of course, one very unique place...
The Sacred Cavern, the entrance of which we are standing at right now. This is the only place that the search party has yet to explore.
Be aware, though, that the temperature inside frequently falls below freezing. Even if she was in there... ...the chances of her being found alive are slim at best.
Which means, Trite, that you sent Maya Fey to her death!
You must have blinders on, my equestrian angel. Don't you see the big lock and chains? It's a trick lock. I'm making preparations to open it as we speak. Well, Trite? Once again, a woman dies because of you.
Don't tell me you've forgotten...? It was only two years ago, after all... ...when the last unfortunate woman died because of you.
And do you know who that was? It was Maya Fey's sister! That's right! Mia Fey!
You killed her!
It was two years ago... Mia Fey was pursuing someone. A man. But she bit off more than she could chew. She made a very dangerous enemy.
Sure. Ms. Fey's murderer was caught. But that won't bring her back!
You were with her at the time. You and no one else. It was your responsibility! You should have protected her!
You say Mia Fey was your teacher! Well then, I'd say you've learned nothing, Trite! You robbed her of her life. And now... ...you've let her sister suffer the same fate!
I'm afraid we can't do that. This area has always been prone to earthquakes. The repeated tremors have weakened the foundations of the Training Hall. Any excessive force used to break the lock open would... Well, let's just say the Inner Temple and the Sacred Cavern would be a thing of the past.
Ha...! Sure. Just show me where the keyhole is on this trick lock.
That's right. An interesting puzzle, huh? The person who set this lock is the only one who can open it.
Simple. The accused.
When an acolyte undergoes training inside the Sacred Cavern... ...the attending sister is responsible for locking the entrance. Obviously, the night of the murder was no exception. Maya Fey was to train in there.
So Iris, the accused, is the only one who can open this lock. I've arranged for her to be brought here now.
Ha...! My eyes have a date with the horizon. They're flirting with the gulls. I don't have any intention of aiding a defense attorney like you, Trite.
... So. I should be getting back to work.
... There's no doubt in my mind. She's in the Sacred Cavern somewhere. It's the only place she could be.
You'd better start praying. You'd better pray that friend of yours brings the accused back here soon.
Listen up, Trite. There's only one thing I want to say to you before I go. I'll never accept you. Never.
Of course, being extradited from Hell is a tedious affair. The meticulous regeneration and adjustment of all your internal organs is... Well... Let's just say modern medicine allows us all to live to a ripe old age. Even someone like me.
Of course, being extradited from Hell is a tedious affair. The meticulous regeneration and adjustment of all your internal organs is... Well... Let's just say modern medicine allows us all to live to a ripe old age. Even someone like me.
Finally figured it out, have you, Trite? You've finally realized how terrible of a crime being painfully oblivious is.
The entrance to the Sacred Cavern looks like a freaking puzzle workshop.
...But it's all a waste of time.
Because Maya Fey isn't coming back.
It was your job to protect her, Trite. Just like it was your job to protect Mia Fey... Two sisters, caught up in the worst circumstances.
And you were the only one who was by their sides. You were the only one who could have saved them.
Ha...! What did I just say, Trite? Being oblivious is a heinous crime in itself.
Tomorrow... We'll settle everything in court tomorrow. ...Once and for all.
...
It is impossible to predict what the future has in store for any of us. This is precisely why people feel the need to judge the past. And we of the court have been charged with the solemn duty of passing such judgment.
...Humans are fragile, fickle beings. Our hearts change with the shifting of the tides. There is only one thing that remains a constant in this crazy world... The bitter darkness that lies at the bottom of this mug.
During yesterday's trial, the accused refused to admit her role in the crime. But today, she has had a change of heart... Sister Iris of Hazakura Temple has a confession to make.
...Upon meeting a beautiful lady, always ask for her name and profession. That's one of my rules.
Ha...! Everyone on the planet is an accomplice to something. It just happens to be that in this case, it's to murder. Isn't that right... Mr. Trite?
Now then, little lady. If you don't mind, I've got a question for you. Whose crime were you trying to cover up by your actions?
Wake up and smell the coffee, Trite.
You moved the victim's body to the temple so that Maya wouldn't be suspected... Isn't that right? Not bad... You've got the instincts of a true criminal.

Did she now? Too bad for you, what she said yesterday doesn't mean much today. By the way, where were you when she claimed that she didn't go?
A private conversation between the two of you does not constitute testimony. That would be properly described as hearsay.
Ha...! You look like I did after I mistakenly took a swig of Worcestershire sauce.
Do you have a problem with the testimony we're hearing from your client, Lawyer Boy?
Ha...! You should try some nice, sweet café con leche at least once, Trite...
...That's fine. Witness, let's add your last statement to the testimony.
...Listen, gramps. I won't say it again. Final judgment will be rendered by me!
...OK, now. Let's continue.
...Maya Fey's name would've been written on this autopsy report instead.

Tsk, tsk, tsk, Trite. If your mug is filled with black and bitter suspicions... The only way to get rid of them is to drink them down quick... ...Like this!
There's only one thing you need to "get", Trite. It's called evidence... Now hurry up... Before my next cup gets cold!

...That was an impressive bit of investigating, Trite. I never would have thought there was a sword hidden in that staff. But even so... How should I put this?
A long sword is unwieldy, and thus quite ineffective in close-quarters combat. Maybe that's why she chose a dagger over her blade.
Anyway, the type of weapon she chose to use isn't what's important. The important thing is that she tried to kill Maya Fey. As long as there's nothing strange about that, there's no problem with her testimony.
If you ask me... ...the only thing that seems strange is the angle of Mr. Trite's index finger.
Trite, sticking your finger in an electrical outlet might be safer for you. Otherwise it might get bitten off the next time you poke it in the wrong place!
...Ugh...!
...Listen. There's nothing in this world that is impossible. Except for one little thing.
Ha...! You still don't get it. You think maybe my beans are under-roasted, but you have no idea gramps.
I heard this witness's confession this morning... ...just as I had taken the first sip of my eighth cup of morning coffee.
Anyway, after hearing this woman's confession... I had a detective who loves to investigate sent to the scene of the crime. And... he discovered this little beauty.
Obviously, Your Honor... But do you not notice something else?
...Did you investigate the pine tree at the crime scene?
This dagger was stuck in the back side of the pine tree. When the last blow was struck, ending the violent battle between the two women... ...this little baby was thrown in the direction of the back of the pine tree.
Ha...! Were you even listening, old man? I first heard this confession this morning. Just as I had taken the first sip of my 13th cup of morning coffee.
I didn't have enough time to get the blood analyzed on such short notice.
This is my sweetheart. Make sure you treat her right.
Cute girls never lie. Ever.
As they say... "A cornered fox is more dangerous than a jackal".
... Your animal analogies have grown tiresome!

We know that Maya Fey was at the Inner Temple that night. And that the woman that was killed was Elise Deauxnim. Isn't it fairly obvious who attacked who?
According to the detective who found the dagger... ...it was stuck into the pine tree in the garden. Most likely it was flung towards the tree after the stuggle.
Ha...! It's simple. People are like books. We've all got a front and a back. You get my drift?
I can also say that darkness loves to play with the human mind.
If you ask me, you're just being too naïve about the whole thing.
There are 253 distinct types of bitterness in coffee... But to pick out each one requires total concentration and the use of all the senses. Were you really concentrating on what this witness actually said?
The witness was quite unambigious about her own ambiguities when she said... ...that the garden was dark and she couldn't see clearly.
A human needs one thing to see clearly. And that is... light.
By the way, did you know? The Inner Temple has a rule that on nights when an acolyte is there training... ...the stone lantern in the garden is to always be lit.
...Normally yes, Your Honor. But according to the head nun, Sister Bikini... ...on the night of the crime, it was impossible to light that stone lantern.
It hadn't been used in a long time and the wick was no good. In other words... It had to be nearly pitch black in the garden that night. There could have been a faint light coming from the Training Hall, but that's all.
Yes, that illuminating fact has chased all the contradictions away! ...If the staff was dropped, it would be difficult to see. It also explains why they didn't recognize each other. We can't see the demons that lurk in the night... That's why humans are weak. Isn't that right, Trite?
Here, Your Honor. Let me present the stone lantern into evidence. Maybe it will rekindle the flame of truth in your mind.
...What's wrong, Your Honor? Was that flame too hot?
...?
Written... in blood?
Wh-What the...!?

Hang on... Hang on just a minute! What are you all talking about!?
Hmph... Nonsense! This lantern... It's as clean as a whistle!
My eyesight is pretty messed up. Even with these huge goggles on my head, I still can't see everything.
...
...! Errr, umm... OK then... Let's move on.
...Now it's time to turn our attention to you.
After the victim died, you did something, didn't you?
Let's hear it. ...We're all ears.
You were spotted by the head nun, correct?

She saw someone murdered right in front of her eyes... It's not surprising that she was a little timid...
It's like they say, "Idiots are too stupid to catch even a simple cold."
Ha...! Makes perfect sense to me! ...For the time being. Anyway... What did you do after you crossed the bridge?

I'm sorry, witness... But now, I've got a problem with your testimony.
That night... After the head nun left the remainder of the training to you... ...she said she walked from the Inner Temple back to Hazakura Temple.
Let's recall her comments on the subject...
...The snowmobile was in front of the Main Gate. This is one of those contradictions, wouldn't you say?
...Let's just say I like things to be neat and tidy, OK?
Ha...! Whatever. Even I don't think this is decisive enough to warrant any more time or effort. It's just... You'd better be careful in your testimony. That's all I wanted to say. A smart little cookie like you shouldn't have any trouble understanding that.
Ha...! This should be fun! You. Let's get this snow business cleared up, shall we?
... I see how you think... Snow, huh...
Ha...! Well then, Mr. Trite, perhaps you'd like to share your theory with us? Let's see what's up your sleeve... or rather, at the end of your index finger!

The only person here that is truly contemptible is you... ...old man!
Whether this witness lied or not doesn't mean squat right now.
The important thing now is to find out the truth. ...Isn't that right?
Whether it was snowing, or not snowing, or whether the bridge was burning or not... There are 2 facts that can't be disputed. First, the body of Elise Deauxnim was discovered in the Hazakura Temple Courtyard. And second, the head nun, Sister Bikini... ...witnessed Iris desecrating Elise Deauxnim's body!

It is only human to err. If you're so perfect, Trite, maybe you can explain this for the court?
When the murder happened, the bridge had already burnt down. But somehow the body traveled across the bridge and was found in the temple courtyard. Perhaps you have some kind of perfect explanation for this little magic trick?
You see what I mean? In other words... You're in no position to suggest that this lady's testimony isn't the truth!
...
This is a photo of Dusky Bridge after it burned down from the lightning blast. It was taken on the morning after the incident.
Trite. I'm only going to say it one more time.
It is only human to err. And... ...only humans can spot the errors of our ways.
Ha...! You're saying it's possible? Don't make me laugh. The only thing that's possible about your claim is that it's been pulled out of thin air!
...Pwweposterous!
Highly-gifted...?
......
Ha...! Well, Trite. There's nowhere for you to hide now... Other than looking like it was drawn by a 6 year old, does this sketch prove anything?
Listen... I know your tricks. You're trying to turn this whole thing upside-down.
If you're so eager to turn this case upside-down, why not start with this sketch?
Times change, Your Honor. ...Like they say, you are quite the old man, Old Man.
Allow me to speed you along the aging process, Trite!
Just so you know... We haven't discovered a giant human catapult at the Inner Temple yet.
Even if you're a lousy lawyer, at least you're one cup's worth of entertainment. I think we should skip the penalty this time.
Ha...! This is getting interesting. Looks like you're back to that finger-pointing thing again. OK, Trite. So what exactly contradicts reality as we know it?
...
Rethinking why you became a lawyer? Perhaps you'd like to rethink merely being born!
"Somewhere"...?
Rethinking why you became a lawyer? Perhaps you'd like to rethink merely being born!
Ha...! Is that the thing that contradicts reality?
Then show us the reality it supposedly conflicts with. Show us something that will point out how the sketch contradicts reality!
Trite... It looks like the only piece of reality you have is that poorly drawn sketch.
And the only thing flying away here is your chance of winning this case!
Ha...!
Rethinking why you became a lawyer? Perhaps you'd like to rethink merely being born!
Ha...! You're saying it's possible? Don't make me laugh. The only thing that's possible about your claim is that it's been pulled out of thin air!
...Pwweposterous!
Highly-gifted...?
......
Ha...! Well, Trite. There's nowhere for you to hide now... Other than looking like it was drawn by a 6 year old, does this sketch prove anything?
Listen... I know your tricks. You're trying to turn this whole thing upside-down.
If you're so eager to turn this case upside-down, why not start with this sketch?
Times change, Your Honor. ...Like they say, you are quite the old man, Old Man.
Allow me to speed you along the aging process, Trite!
Just so you know... We haven't discovered a giant human catapult at the Inner Temple yet.
Even if you're a lousy lawyer, at least you're one cup's worth of entertainment. I think we should skip the penalty this time.
Ha...! This is getting interesting. Looks like you're back to that finger-pointing thing again. OK, Trite. So what exactly contradicts reality as we know it?
...
Rethinking why you became a lawyer? Perhaps you'd like to rethink merely being born!
"Somewhere"...?
Rethinking why you became a lawyer? Perhaps you'd like to rethink merely being born!
Ha...! Is that the thing that contradicts reality?
Then show us the reality it supposedly conflicts with. Show us something that will point out how the sketch contradicts reality!
Trite... It looks like the only piece of reality you have is that poorly drawn sketch.
And the only thing flying away here is your chance of winning this case!
Ha...!
Rethinking why you became a lawyer? Perhaps you'd like to rethink merely being born!

No one wants to hear about your childhood traumas, Trite.
"By the time the murder took place, the snow had already stopped." If you insist on obsessing over that one statement, let's see the proof. Show some evidence that the body somehow crossed the bridge while it was on fire!
Ha...! You're saying it's possible? Don't make me laugh. The only thing that's possible about your claim is that it's been pulled out of thin air!
...Pwweposterous!
Highly-gifted...?
......
Ha...! Well, Trite. There's nowhere for you to hide now... Other than looking like it was drawn by a 6 year old, does this sketch prove anything?
Listen... I know your tricks. You're trying to turn this whole thing upside-down.
If you're so eager to turn this case upside-down, why not start with this sketch?
Times change, Your Honor. ...Like they say, you are quite the old man, Old Man.
Allow me to speed you along the aging process, Trite!
Just so you know... We haven't discovered a giant human catapult at the Inner Temple yet.
Even if you're a lousy lawyer, at least you're one cup's worth of entertainment. I think we should skip the penalty this time.
Ha...! This is getting interesting. Looks like you're back to that finger-pointing thing again. OK, Trite. So what exactly contradicts reality as we know it?
...
Rethinking why you became a lawyer? Perhaps you'd like to rethink merely being born!
"Somewhere"...?
Rethinking why you became a lawyer? Perhaps you'd like to rethink merely being born!
Ha...! Is that the thing that contradicts reality?
Then show us the reality it supposedly conflicts with. Show us something that will point out how the sketch contradicts reality!
Trite... It looks like the only piece of reality you have is that poorly drawn sketch.
And the only thing flying away here is your chance of winning this case!
Ha...!
Rethinking why you became a lawyer? Perhaps you'd like to rethink merely being born!
Ha...! If there was, I don't think you'd call someone like that a witness! After all, a dream isn't the same as actually seeing something...
Ha...! You're saying it's possible? Don't make me laugh. The only thing that's possible about your claim is that it's been pulled out of thin air!
...Pwweposterous!
Highly-gifted...?
......
Ha...! Well, Trite. There's nowhere for you to hide now... Other than looking like it was drawn by a 6 year old, does this sketch prove anything?
Listen... I know your tricks. You're trying to turn this whole thing upside-down.
If you're so eager to turn this case upside-down, why not start with this sketch?
Times change, Your Honor. ...Like they say, you are quite the old man, Old Man.
Allow me to speed you along the aging process, Trite!
Just so you know... We haven't discovered a giant human catapult at the Inner Temple yet.
Even if you're a lousy lawyer, at least you're one cup's worth of entertainment. I think we should skip the penalty this time.
Ha...! This is getting interesting. Looks like you're back to that finger-pointing thing again. OK, Trite. So what exactly contradicts reality as we know it?
...
Rethinking why you became a lawyer? Perhaps you'd like to rethink merely being born!
"Somewhere"...?
Rethinking why you became a lawyer? Perhaps you'd like to rethink merely being born!
Ha...! Is that the thing that contradicts reality?
Then show us the reality it supposedly conflicts with. Show us something that will point out how the sketch contradicts reality!
Trite... It looks like the only piece of reality you have is that poorly drawn sketch.
And the only thing flying away here is your chance of winning this case!
Ha...!
Rethinking why you became a lawyer? Perhaps you'd like to rethink merely being born!
...Bwhaaaat!?
Either way, it sounds like you're... just wrong!
...Are you saying you know the answer to that?
Ugh... No way...!
Bwwweeeediculous!

Of all the things to say! A pendulum!?

...Let's think about this for a minute, shall we? Dusky Bridge is about 20 yards long. Which means it's about that far from the Inner Temple to the opposite cliff.
In order to cover that distance with a pendulum... You'd need a rope at least 10 yards long. To get a rope that long, you have to plan ahead!
What!?
I think that Mr. Trite is lucky there's no rope around here...
Even if I had just a sliver of rope... ...I'd be wrapping it nice and tight around his neck.
...... Ha......! *glug, glug, glug, glug, glug* *glug, glug, glug, glug, glug* *glug, glug, glug, glug, glug*

"Possible" or "impossible"...? That's not the question we need to ask! There's only one question. "Did that really happen?" Trite! I wonder if you can prove what happened to us. Do you have any actual evidence that the body was swung over like a pendulum!?
...Why don't you go swing yourself around like a pendulum, Trite.
Ha...! Here's a toast to your ever so classic clueless-look.
I thought this cold coffee might help cool you down.
That was a dark and bitter guess that you made, Trite. ...But you forgot about one thing.
... The aroma.
A coffee's most reliable accomplice is its deep and profound aroma...
If the criminal had sent the body to the other side like you say... ...then naturally, there must have been an accomplice laying in wait to catch it.
...The criminal wasn't able to cross Dusky Bridge. So, who collected the body...? What do you have to say about that, Trite!?
That aroma just now... It smelled of sulfur... Perhaps it was your chances of winning rotting away?

Trite. Were you even listening to the witness's testimony...? On the night of the crime, this little cutie pie... ...was on clean-up duty in the Inner Temple Garden after the mother-daughter bloodbath.

A-Are you serious, Trite...!? You... You mean... Th-This woman is...
Ha...! It's just your imagination, gramps. This file contains all the relevant data about Dahlia Hawthorne.
... So what? Death has no meaning in this courtroom!
What an exciting story. Exciting, but quite impossible. You're asking us to buy that Dahlia Hawthorne just happened to be channeled by someone... ...on the very night of the murder, to a temple where her twin sister, Iris was...?

We're supposed to believe a coincidence like that just happens!?
...T-Two of them?

Do you even know what you're saying, Trite? This whole "channeling the spirit of Dahlia Hawthorne" business... Yes, it's true that you found plans that talk about it. ...However! There's one thing that's perfectly clear. The witness currently standing in the witness stand is the real Iris!
Calm down and remember what you know about the night of the crime. After meeting Sister Bikini, the Dahlia Hawthorne that had been channeled... ...would've been stranded at the Inner Temple due to the lightning strike. It was later that the body was moved by pendulum.
Naturally that would mean that the Iris that received the body was... ...the real Iris. Are you with me so far?
After being notified of what happened, the police came to Hazakura Temple's Main Hall. There they found Iris in her room and arrested her. And ever since, she's been under police supervision at the detention center.
Ha...! I suppose you're about to say something really ridiculous? Like, the real Iris and the spirit of Dahlia... ...somehow switched places?
Ha...! I love that look on your face! Maybe you should go live in that old mountain shack and become a hermit?
Unknown...? What do you mean?
Ha...! Trite, Trite, Trite... Can't you even remember what happened only yesterday...?
Guess I'll have to ask again.
...Upon meeting a beautiful lady, always ask for her name and profession. That's one of my rules.
Ha...! So you're not going to bother hiding your identity anymore, huh?
Watch yourself, Trite! If you've got a problem, solve it during cross-examination! ...That's my rule.
You and your twin sister, Iris?
So the plan was to blame the crime on your younger sister. On Sister Iris of Hazakura Temple...
And the witness in this case was the head nun, Sister Bikini.
And the reason it was impossible...? Was it perhaps because Mia Fey had already died...?
But how did you wind up in there?
Hmm... For a ghost, you're one tough cookie...
The trick lock stopped you, huh?
What do you mean by that?
The bridge had been fixed and the police had started their investigation, correct?
Ea-Eagle River...!?
...Oops. Sorry, that's my phone.
...Godot here. ......... ...OK. Thanks.
They just finished removing the locks from the Sacred Cavern.
... There was a woman in the cave...
It was the accused... Sister Iris.
... There was no one else found inside the Sacred Cavern.
Trite... Have you ever heard this one? "Once you eliminate the impossible... ...whatever remains must be the truth." ...No matter how improbable it may seem.
According to this witness... ...Maya Fey threw herself into the Eagle River. However... is that really the truth?
Remember, this woman testified earlier that... ...the bridge was already on fire when the murder was taking place in the garden. Which means if Maya had thrown herself into the river... ...it must have been from the Inner Temple side, near the bridge.
But that's impossible. It's impossible to jump into the river from there!
Don't get your panties all twisted up, Trite. Just relax and think through the whole thing again.
Ha...! The only one that should be thrown into a river is you.
But then again... Even if you did... ...you wouldn't reach the river, would you?
Ha...! So you finally figured it out!
...Correct. That eliminates all the most likely possibilities.
You bet. Detective Gumshoe had his nose to the ground and sniffed around everywhere.
Intuition...? Truthiness has no place here! Use your brain, not your gut, to find the real truth, Trite!
Just so you know, my heart is also on fire and it aches from your stupidity.
Intuition...? Truthiness has no place here! Use your brain, not your gut, to find the real truth, Trite!
M-Maya Fey is here!?
She said that her goal was to kill Maya Fey.
Ha...! Well, gramps? What would happen?
... ...So it's true... It was you.
Ha...! You're something else...
...She did?
......... ...So that's how it was. Dahlia Hawthorne would have used the body of Pearl Fey... ...to kill Maya at all costs.
If you ask me, Your Honor... ...it looks like she went back to the hell she came from.

...You're a little too fast with that gavel, Your Honor.
Trite... Remember what Miss Evil Spirit said in her testimony?
The person that was ultimately killed was the spirit medium that channeled Dahlia... ...Elise Deauxnim, no, Misty Fey. But... who killed her? We still don't know who did it!
Unless someone else is found guilty, the accused is still on trial. We can't let her walk until there is evidence that proves her innocence.
The prosecution is ready to call our final witness!
This one will clear up the whole mystery... The mystery of "Who killed Misty Fey"!
... Of course it's alright... Madame Attorney.
Ha...! Isn't it obvious? There's one person who saw the whole event and will put the final dagger in this case.
...The very person who saw her mother killed in front of her own eyes.
We need to find the truth. The prosecution calls Maya Fey to the witness stand!
...Hey, Trite. I've got something to say to you, so listen up.
I don't think much of you as a lawyer. It's always the same with you. ...You somehow manage to just squeak by without even a faint understanding of the case. Some beautiful woman always seems to come dashing in at the last minute to save you.
...But that's not going to happen this time. This time... you're going to have to do this by yourself.
That's the weapon that Maya Fey used when she fought with the victim.
From what I've heard... ...the witness is dangerously weak, physically speaking. So, let's finish this quickly.
...Witness, please tell us your name and profession.

Straighten up this moment, young lady!
Pick your head up and speak clearly. There's always time for crying later.
Your mother was killed right in front of your eyes! There's nothing you can do to change that fact.
But there's something you can do... You can finish this. You've been watching the whole thing right? You've seen the witnesses come out and you've seen us squeeze the truth out of them. Now it's your turn. ...Let's hear your testimony. On the night of the crime... what exactly did you see happen!?
Ha...! Can't say it was an especially good night for young ladies to be walking around alone.
Ha...! So it looks like even you've got some compassion.
Ha...! Is it all that strange, Trite, for her to have screamed, "Help me"?
Ha...! "It takes a ton of pressure to make a diamond." That's what I always say.
...You're in a court of law here! You can't make things up or try to hide things in this chamber.
How were you saved? You don't even remember that?
That's too bad.
...Add the pureness of milk to the perfect, clear darkness of coffee. Stir. That is the state of the witness's mind right now -- a cup of café au lait.
Mr. Trite's words are the milk and you are the spoon, Your Honor.
You must have noticed it too, Trite. ...This witness's mental state is highly unstable right now. It's not hard to understand why she would make a little mistake like that.
...What did you say!?

Trite! Do you have any idea what you're proposing? How could she have seen in the dark? There was no other light source at the scene!
...!
...Ha! You talk a good game, Trite. But let's see if you can walk the walk. It was pitch black. So what could the witness see? I'm calling your bluff!
You're just the man I thought you were... You should try a nice, sweet café au lait at least once in your life, Trite!

That was a nice bit of deduction... Trite.
...
Ha...! Your Honor. You're asking the wrong person.
If you've got a question, ask the witness... That's one of my rules.

Stop your chattering, Your Honor.
If it's worth asking, ask the witness. That's one of my rules.
...
...
Oh? And what would that be?
...!

But if that's the case... ...do you have an explanation for the killer's mysterious behavior? Why would this killer move the body and remove all that snow... ...but then leave the bloody writing on the lantern...?
......
Ha...! You and Dahlia... I'm not sure which one of you is more pathetic!
......
Maybe you're not as dumb as I thought.
Hey, Trite... You can play after the trial is over!
My eyesight is pretty messed up. Even with these huge goggles on my head, I still can't see everything.
...
Hmph... Nonsense! This lantern... It's as clean as a whistle!
...
This is the apron the delightful Ms. Byrde was wearing at the time. And somehow spilled coffee on.
Bloodstain? What bloodstain would that be?
That's ridiculous! No one told me anything about a bloodstain!
... Ha...! It's strange... In a black and white photo, those letters would have appeared black to me... I wonder... Why am I the only one that can't see them...?
...Hey, gramps. Didn't you know? That's the reason why I don't drink red tea!
Ha...! Just make sure you don't fill out the indictment in red ink, gramps. Come on... How does a little graffiti make me into the killer?
Besides, it's not like it's my name that's written there.
This is rich. Do go on, Trite.

Isn't it more likely that the killer couldn't see the blood because it was dark?

Maya...
You can't testify to something like that.
After the murder happened... you didn't even exist.
Are you senile, old man? We established this just a little while ago. After the murder, this witness was unconscious for a long time. Because she was channeling Dahlia Hawthorne.
Ha...! Nicely done, Trite.
Ha...! The prosecution has no objection. We believe the witness.
Let's just move on to the cross-examination... If the defense has no objections...
...
Well, we know that she had at least one friend in the Sacred Cavern. ...Dahlia Hawthorne, who was busy battling with the trick lock...
What happened after the bridge was finally fixed...?
Hmm? That's funny. Am I imagining things, or did the defense ask me a question?
Hot nights and even hotter coffee... That's what I always say. If it hadn't have been for this case, I never would have visited there. A freezing cold temple in the mountains... I think I'll pass!
...Ha! You want to say something, Trite?
Ha...! Cut it out... ...You're making me blush.
The truth is there aren't that many places to look on the Inner Temple side. The policemen were all busy going over the garden with fine-toothed combs. So I decided to carry out an investigation in my own way... Godot-style!
When I found that little girl... ...the first thing she asked about was her cousin, Maya Fey.
The bridge had burned down and she was huddled up in that tiny shack with no heat... Even though she must have had a truly terrifying night out there... ...she asked about you before she said a thing about herself.
I noticed that you weren't anywhere on the Inner Temple side. But... I couldn't find it in me to tell her that. So I gave her my last cup. With milk and sugar... To hide the bitterness of the harsh truth.
It looks like my investigation went about as well as yours, Trite. After all, I did miss the bloody writing on the lantern.
The only odd thing I discovered was the beauty in the Training Hall.
...Misty Fey, naturally. Clad in her stunning Japanese garb surrounded by the hue and aroma of Western tastes.
...
Can I ask you just one little thing, Trite?
This whole theory of yours... It all rests on a certain assumption. That I knew beforehand that a crime was going to be committed.
...So in the end, you were just bluffing, huh? Well, don't expect any sympathy cards from me, Trite!
And you're saying this crafty killer... is me?
But you just said that the instructions were hidden...
...!
...Humans are afraid of the dark. And yet... At the same time, we're fascinated and bewitched by it. Maybe that's why humans drink the darkness that is coffee.
It means there's a reason for everything. According to your theory, the killer in this case eavesdropped... ...on a conversation during a jail visit where he learned of a hidden plan for a crime. After discovering the plans, he hid in the Inner Temple and waited for the crime to occur. Then he ultimately took a person's life. ...And he did all of that just to protect this witness?
If you're accusing me of this crime, I have to ask you... Why would I do this? This girl is nothing but a stranger to me. I've got no reason to go through that kind of trouble to protect her. I am what you see. I am certainly not the type to rescue the damsel in distress.
OK, Trite. I'm all ears. ...Let's hear it.
...Sorry, but at this point in my life, I'm a lone wolf. I've got no connection to that person whatsoever.
How's it going, Trite? I knew it... Has this whole trial just been too much for you...?
Mia... Fey.
The last time someone called me by that name... ...was over 6 years ago.
... I was moved by her... The way she put all her faith in her clients... That pure, sweet heart of hers... That's why... I could never forgive Dahlia Hawthorne. Mia and I thoroughly investigated that fake kidnapping incident. Then one fateful day, Dahlia wanted to meet with me... It had been 6 months since the trial... We met in the courthouse cafeteria.
Even I didn't see it coming. Dahlia Hawthorne slipped some poison into my coffee.
No official reports ever actually called it a murder. I was just in a deep, deep coma...
...My body shut down, and my life became nothing but a long, deep sleep. That woman's poison did a real number on my central nervous system... I lost my sight, and all of my hair turned white due to the damage it caused.
Apparently it was a miracle that I ever regained consciousness. Five years had passed since I drank that poisoned brew... Then one morning, my eyes flew open... from the smell of a doctor's cup of coffee.
And the worst possible news was waiting for me... ...Mia Fey was dead. From the very moment I opened my eyes... I had already lost everything I thought I had. The woman I loved had been murdered... And the woman I loathed had been sentenced to death.
The woman who had spiked my scalding hot coffee... Dahlia Hawthorne! Ha...! Good ol' Mia. She didn't let me down. She got her revenge before she checked out. In the end... There wasn't anyone waiting for me when I woke up.
For someone like me... For someone who had slept away their best days... ...there were only 2 reasons left to live. And it was for those 2 reasons that I decided to become a prosecutor.
The first was you, Trite.
If I hadn't drank that stupid poison... ...Mia Fey never would have died, much less the way she did.
You were the only one who was there to protect her! But you let her die. It was all your fault.
I wanted to see for myself what kind of a man you really were.
My other reason for living... She goes by the name of Maya Fey.
You were the only way I could make up for the sin of not saving Mia. One year ago, when the Kurain Village incident was resolved... ...it was obvious that Morgan Fey was planning something. Whatever her evil plan was, I was determined to stop it. My role as a prosecutor put me in the perfect position to do something about her.
I knew that the time was drawing near. Since I knew the plan, I thought I could foil it. My goal was to outwit the plan. I thought if I could do that... ...I could keep that girl from being caught up in it.
Finally, the day of the plan was drawing near... I contacted both of my accomplices.
Iris of Hazakura Temple and... Misty Fey. I especially needed the help of Iris... She was to take the fall in my back-up plan in case we couldn't control Pearl Fey.
Officially, yes...
You've heard about it, haven't you? About the strong ties between the main family and the government...
Even without her official position, Misty Fey still wielded great influence... The police have been keeping an eye on her movements all this time. That's how I was able to contact her... Again, because of my position as a prosecutor.
Don't ever forget... ...no matter how far away from you she was, she never stopped thinking about you.
That's why... I knew she would do anything to protect you. If you want to know how strong her resolve to protect you was, look at her staff.
The day the plan was to be carried out arrived soon enough... We met for the first time at Hazakura Temple. That's when your mother showed me her special staff... I realized it then... Just how far she was willing to go... She was ready to use that sword to protect you from Morgan Fey, if necessary. ...Yes! Even if it meant paying the ultimate price.
That night... The night of the crime. There was just one way to stop Morgan's evil plan.
We had to make sure she didn't channel Dahlia Hawthorne...
We thought we could prevent her from playing her part in Morgan's plan. But... She never showed up.
That was the thing we were most afraid of. And that's why... Misty Fey had to do the channeling herself. She channeled Dahlia Hawthorne into her own body.
As Master of Kurain, Misty Fey's power was supreme. So that's how it went down. She channeled Dahlia Hawthorne so that Pearl Fey wouldn't be able to!
My role in the plan was to make sure no one was going to hurt Maya Fey. That's why... I hid myself at the Inner Temple. Just in case you needed to be saved from Dahlia Hawthorne.
Anyway... That's all I'm going to admit to... Trite.
There's no doubt about it. You're a great defense lawyer. But... you're going to have to do the rest yourself.
Well, Trite... If you're the real deal... ...then finish this thing once and for all. Show us beyond a shadow of a doubt that you can finish this on your own!
Ha...! Things break, Trite... Even the best of theories.
Who was it that stabbed Misty Fey? It looks like you still can't prove it.
Anyway... the victim was stabbed by the murder weapon. What happened after that?
Or maybe... the batteries ran out. Right, Trite?
If you're so sure about that, then don't keep us waiting any longer, Trite.
If Dahlia Hawthorne had already been stabbed in the back by the staff... ...what could she have used to strike back at the killer?
You're nothing but a joke. I knew you couldn't take it all the way.
Ha...! It appears... ...that the darkness has proven to be your undoing, Trite.
Yes, the detective found that this morning and brought it to me.

Just because he let out a scream doesn't mean that he was wounded. For all we know, the blood on the dagger could have been from the victim!
...!
Nice theory, Trite.
...Ha! Let me ask you something, Trite. Let's just say that it turned out that I was the killer.
Do you really think I would be stupid enough to leave evidence like that?
Just think for a second. This dagger was found this morning by a detective and brought to me. There was already a bloodstain on it, correct? But even so... I was the one who brought this dagger here to the courtroom.
Well, if I really were the killer... ...I could've washed the blade off and then planted another person's blood on it.
In any case, there's one thing I can guarantee, Trite. That blood... It doesn't belong to me. Not a chance!

That's impossible, Trite. You know how cold it gets up there late at night!
After a few minutes with no clothes on, you'd be frozen solid!
Ha...! So that's all you've got... I knew you weren't tough enough to finish this.
Right now... if Mia Fey were here...
If Mia Fey were here... She would have closed the book on this case already.
So come on, Trite! Can you do it or not!?
Ha...! That's good... A fighter till the bitter end, Trite...
Since there's just one piece of evidence that can prove your point... ...why don't we go for the unlimited penalty?
G-Give me a break! You've got nothing, Trite!
...
It's the end of the line! The final stop, Trite! Let's hear what you've got! Where's this location where you say the killer hid his wound!?
Ha...! I don't know what you're talking about... And frankly, I don't need to know. What I do know is that you'll never be half the lawyer she was! Isn't that right, Trite...?
Ha...! It was fun while it lasted. See you later... Trite...
...Ha! I don't know what you're talking about... And frankly, I don't need to know. What I do know is that you'll never be half the lawyer she was! Isn't that right, Trite...? ...! (Wh-What was that just now?)
(It-It can't be! You're living on... through him...!?)
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH!!
Just now... I saw her spirit in you.
...... I never liked you. Six years ago... ...you helped the woman who put me to sleep by hiding her bottle of poison. And then... While I was sleeping... ...you let Mia die. But you didn't care. You just kept living your pathetic, happy-go-lucky life. You even had the nerve to follow in her footsteps as a lawyer. I could never forgive you. That's what I thought.
But... I was wrong about you. I knew it from the very beginning. The truth is, the only person I could never find it in my heart to forgive... ...was me.
I was the one that failed to protect Mia... ...Me and no one else. I tried to avert my eyes from the truth... to escape from the harshness of reality. I just couldn't face Mia's death head on, so I ran! I hid behind a mask. I threw away my true name. I couldn't even deal with being a defense attorney anymore, so I quit.
Yeah. That was my plan... Up until just now, anyway.
Are you listening, Maya? If I had really wanted to save you... ...then there's one person that I should have gone and talked to right away.
But I didn't do it... I tried to get the help of Iris and your mother... But I closed my eyes to the most important man involved. Do you know why? The real reason?
I suppose... I wasn't really interested in saving you at all.
I think I was just trying to salvage what's left of my own broken soul... I was trying to make up for the fact that I couldn't save Mia. Nothing more. That's why I let you walk right into a situation that I knew was dangerous. Forgive me...
Was it really for Maya's sake...? Even I'm not really sure.
That night, in the darkness of the garden, when I saw her silhouette... A part of me must have known the truth... The truth that it wasn't really Dahlia Hawthorne standing there in front of me.
It could have been Misty Fey... Or even that little girl. But I still picked up the blade... It was like I was dreaming! I'm not sure exactly what was going on in my mind at that point... Was I really motivated by the pure desire to protect Maya Fey? Or was it something else...? Was it my hatred for a woman who had stolen everything from me 6 years earlier...? Could it have been simply a desire for revenge? And now, I don't know anything anymore! I did learn something today, however. I finally
You were the one who made me realize my folly. You never ran away from Mia's death. Instead, you picked up where she left off, as a true defender of the people. In that one moment... I understood everything!
I think you already know this, but if you don't... My name is... Diego Armando.
