Ready to rock 'n' roll, Herr Judge.
...
You know that little band I started in my free time? Thing is, we got real popular. Hard to say "nein" to your fans when three of your singles go platinum, ja?
Not to worry, Herr Judge. I wouldn't miss this day in court for the world. It's worth even more than VIP passes to one of my concerts, ja? How could I pass up a chance to see the true strength... ...of the little boy who bested my brother?
It was worth canceling a show or two.
Before that, I was thinking... Is the air in this courtroom not a bit... serious?
That's no way to get the crowd jumping, Herr Judge.
Achtung, baby! Today, we play it my way!
Sometimes you have to get on up in order to get down... to prosecuting!
The victim... Pal Meraktis, director of the Meraktis Clinic. The scene... People Park. He was found pulling a noodle stand.
Yes, I believe... ...you will only find that out by asking the defendant, right here, right now. Because it's an undeniable truth that he shot the victim!
If you are to glare at anyone, Herr Justice, glare at the punk in the defendant's chair. His crime was witnessed quite clearly, you see.
...Nein! Not yet! First, there is a little matter to be cleaned up...
The "motive", Herr Judge. Why did the little punk do it? Why did he kill the director of the Meraktis Clinic?
Oh? But what if the defendant specifically requests to do so? As he did this morning? I want to "give a shout out to all my homeys!" I believe he said.
You "step" to a public official, you'd best be prepared to step into jail.
Can you explain precisely what was wrong?
According to my sources... you "couldn't stand the stress of waiting... ...and ran in 15 minutes before the appointed time." ...By yourself.
Apparently, he was shot in the heart.
...So, as you say, the surgery was a failure.
It sounds as though Herr Doktor wished to hide his mistake... This is why he let the defendant go.
"Your words are like a bullet shot straight into my heart." ...or something to that effect? Incidentally, that's from one of our hit singles.
It was found during the Family health check-up.
...A relief to hear.
Oh? Did your father not tell you? That bullet you carry so close to your heart... if not attended to immediately... ...It could kill you.
Yes, Herr Doktor Meraktis had knowledge concerning this ticking "time bomb" in you. Knowledge... that could have saved your life.
There is proof. Your check-up report.
...How ironic that you would kill the one man capable of helping you. You're almost as careless as he was! ...Ah ha ha ha.
Well, now that the place is hopping... Let's get this gig started!
We've had enough of a warm-up act, ja? Time to hear from the witness!
So. You will tell us your name and occupation.
By which he means to say that he is a student. A junior at Ivy University if I'm not mistaken?
Herr Stickler, please direct said curiosity to the case at hand today.
The pistol our witness refers to... is this.
Please. I've a recording booked after this trial.
Ah ha ha ha! It's just as our defendant claims! I believe he wished to "teach" the victim what it felt like to take a bullet in the heart.
And this other man, who was he?

...Good eyes, Herr Justice. You're cool. Real cool.
Yet, there is no reason why this other shot had to have been fired that night.
This pistol came from the Kitaki Family mansion, ja? I think it's not unreasonable to assume the pistol had been fired once before that night. During, perhaps... another altercation?
Is that you... relaxing, I see, Herr Justice?
This is the big time, and you are obsessed with something so small? You disappoint me.

Herr Justice... Oh, Herr Justice...
Your tactics are outdated. Trying to shake the witness by objecting to trifles? Surely you haven't forgotten the fatal wound your master suffered seven years ago? Phoenix Wright... was it?
Hey, Herr Forehead...
Let us imagine you are walking through the park. You see two men facing each other. One with a pistol trained on the other. ...What would you do, Herr Forehead?
And you, Fräulein?
And you, Herr Stickler? What did you shout, I wonder?
Let us consider this new testimony, shall we? ...Observe the diagram, if you would. The witness... Mr. Stickler, was it? Stood here. He shouted, "Oh stop! Please!" or something of this nature. And the victim responded by looking in the witness's direction! If the killer were to have fired at just that moment... As we can see, the bullet would have struck the right temple, as in the report.
You certainly were lucky. If I were in the killer's shoes, I certainly wouldn't have left a witness behind.
And the victim responded to that clarion call...
He simply couldn't believe what he had done. He shot, he panicked. A common tale, but true.
Ah, the little girl sticking it to the university student. There's a song in there...
A ha ha ha... Then let's think like adults, shall we, Fräulein?
What if the killer... the defendant, was wearing gloves?
His silence speaks louder than words, Herr Judge. He can think of nothing... nein?
That sounds solid to me. Well, Herr Forehead? Any of your precious "objections"?
At least one person on the defense team seems to be thinking.
Oh, Herr Forehead? You're forgetting two other things you've just proven.
One, that the man the witness saw was the defendant, Mr. Wocky Kitaki. Two, that the defendant was holding a knife, with the intent of harming the victim!
Did the testimony earlier not prove the defendant's presence at the scene? And do we not also now know that there was no one else there? ...It seems clear that we have our killer. Does it not?
Achtung! Don't even think about pointing out that he was going away from his home. All he had to do was loop back once he was out of sight.
Oooh, cool answer. Very cool.
...Had enough at last, Herr Forehead?
Oh, let him play attorney until he's satisfied, I say. I will amuse myself by composing my next smash hit in my head...
Some of us have glamorous careers we'd like to get back to this month, Herr Forehead.
There are any number of ways to explain the lack of prints on the pistol, I assure you. Perhaps the killer really was wearing gloves which wiped the previous user's prints off. Then, after the deed was done, this fell out of his pocket as he was throwing the gun away. A mistake befitting of a small-time punk, in my opinion.
How unfortunate. It seems that you weren't cut out to stand on the same stage as me. Were you, Herr Forehead?
...
...Herr Judge.
I see little point in further aggravating this gentleman.
Perhaps Fräulein would have us believe it was nothing more than a passing dream... ...a fantastic illusion, now you see it, now you don't. Am I right?
Let us dispense with these niceties and get straight to the matter. What are your plans for our gifted witness?
Achtung! Don't even think about pointing out that he was going away from his home. All he had to do was loop back once he was out of sight.
Oooh, cool answer. Very cool.
...Why not? You have something against making friends?
Why not tell him? It's not some matter of national security, I'm sure. Nor does it have anything to do with this case! Take it to the lobby, gentlemen.
Ooh, I like your swagger, Herr Forehead. Hit it.
Oh, Herr Forehead... I think it should be clear by now. "No evidence" means "no case".
No comment, Herr Judge.
I suppose it is worth saying this: No connection has been found between Wesley Stickler and Pal Meraktis. That is, other than this.
Incidentally, the prosecution has received no report of this domestic detail.
The same entrance our victim used.
Something going on up in your noodle, Herr Forehead?
Though it pains me to point out the obvious... I see you leave me with no choice. It was the victim, Herr Doktor Meraktis who was pulling the stand, ja?
What, it's my turn to chastise the upstart, is it? Herr Forehead... Recall what you just told the court! The sign on the stand reads "ELDOON'S", ja? How would the witness standing where you have indicated change anything!?

...So what.
What does it matter if he saw the killing from the north or the south side? It makes no difference at all!
Indeed... You are absolutely correct, Fräulein.

...Clarify one point for me if you would, Herr Forehead.
Are you truly accusing this college student... ...of murder?
...Are you quite sure, Herr Forehead?
"Accuse of murder"... Only three words, but a very, very long sentence. ...You have evidence worthy of such a bold accusation, I hope?
...A wise decision.
......
Tsk, tsk, tsk, Herr Forehead. I'm afraid it falls to you to elucidate Herr Stickler's silence.
...
...I wonder... There has been a recent rash of panty-snatchings in the area... ...Were they all you?
Ah, you refer to our witness's other lie, yes? The witness claimed he saw the crime from the south, but was in fact, in the north.
Be my guest, Herr Forehead.
Did I not hear you correctly? Did you not say you "do not accuse the witness of murder"?
Why, then, did the witness lie about his location at the time of the shooting? ...Or have you no idea?
How many panties are you carrying in your pocket, Herr Forehead?
One last thing, if I might.
Regardless of where we ended today, some vital points were made. Namely, that the defendant, Wocky Kitaki, was at the scene of the crime. And... he was pointing a weapon at the victim. ...One more thing. Wocky Kitaki has a clear motive.
...Ja, baby.
...A relief to hear.
Oh? Did your father not tell you? That bullet you carry so close to your heart... if not attended to immediately... ...It could kill you.
Ah! If it isn't Herr Forehead.
Some fans found me on my way out... Just my luck.
New album just came out, you know. Try waving to them. They love it.
Ah ha ha. They're so excited, it doesn't matter who waves to them, see?
And I was on my way home... when my hog gave up the ghost.
My motorcycle won't start. A clogged exhaust pipe...
Ach, it's my fault. I think I was using the wrong oil. Cars, motorbikes, they're all the same. Clog the exhaust, and they won't run. Ah, machines. Tell me you share my angst, Herr Forehead!
Ah. Heh. In any event, I'm off to the shop to get her fixed. The detective in charge of the scene isn't fond of me, in any case.
Ja. She's in a foul mood, too. Be gentle. ...Auf Wiedersehen, baby!
...Prosecution is warmed up, and it's a sold-out house.
...Correct, Herr Judge. And today, I'd like to do something a little new age. I'd like to look at this horrible crime... from the outside.
The acquisition of the murder weapon... The preparation for the act... Our poor defendant told all, you see. ...To his betrothed.
...His fiancée, Herr Judge. His partner for life... with no chance for parole.
...Your name and occupation, Fräulein.
...Fräulein, is it true that, on the day of the crime... ...the defendant, Wocky Kitaki confessed his plans? His plans... for murder?
Yes. With regards to this, an investigation is underway at the Kitaki mansion... ...on charges of the possession of illegal firearms.
...Fired from the pistol the defendant procured? Yes, this has been proven.
Think of them as being a gun's fingerprint, left on every bullet it fires.
But of course. He had just found out he had a bullet in his chest!
Incidentally, I had to request another copy to file as evidence. A bothersome chore, but one I performed without complaint.
Perhaps his treatment was a bit too special, ja?
Our defendant was nothing if not determined, it seems.

Herr Forehead, you will refrain from badgering the Fräulein. It was the defendant... erm, Wocky, was it... who took the pistol from his home. We know this for a fact now.
So, how could anyone else have used this pistol to shoot the victim? They could not. Simple logic, ja?
Of course. He was the only one with access.
What's this...?
Ah, an unexpected ploy.
Ah ha ha... Herr Forehead, our judge is silent. Perhaps you will permit me to explain why?

Let me get this straight... You intend to tell us that this lady stole the pistol from her fiancé... ...and killed a man in cold blood on his behalf? I've heard of people doing strange things for love, but this...
Hmm, that would put things in a slightly different light. What possible connection are you suggesting here?

Herr Forehead. This trail you think you have found, it doesn't lead to the truth. Nor to a long career in the legal profession, ja?
Perhaps you will allow me to do the honors?
Most excellent... Let's rock!
So sorry, Fräulein, but your act isn't working.
Your moment of hesitation just now cost you.
I'm afraid there is no side but that which the evidence supports, Ms. Tiala.

Herr Forehead. This trail you think you have found, it doesn't lead to the truth. Nor to a long career in the legal profession, ja?
Perhaps you will allow me to do the honors?
Most excellent... Let's rock!
So sorry, Fräulein, but your act isn't working.
Your moment of hesitation just now cost you.
...Perhaps you are unaware that toes leave "toe prints"? A simple analysis of these sandals will reveal all.
Yes, but there is still one thing which does not.
The sandals left in the lobby, of course. We can assume she wore these sandals to the clinic, ja? Then why did she not wear them home? If it were me, I would have worn them home.
So, why were the sandals left behind?
...There's probably a good explanation for this. Right, Ms. Tiala? ...Say, for instance... There happened to be a similar pair of sandals there which you wore home by mistake?
Oh, it is nothing. There is, after all, no other possible explanation. Ja, Forehead?
The victim was busy driving home until after 9:00 PM that night, remember? This was proven by this mirror yesterday, ja?
We know that the Meraktis Clinic had ties to the Kitaki Family. He probably couldn't have gone to the police, even if he wanted to.
...Bad Herr Doktor.
I sensed it. There was a great "aura" emanating from Herr Forehead. ...Very cool. So, the lady was lying, it seems.
...It appears this cross-examination is far from over.
She hid the truth from us, this is clear, yet... It is not clear that this truth has anything to do with the case at hand!
...I concur. Even I am rarely treated to such a... hot gaze.
She went to warn him, so that her fiancé would not have to commit such a crime, ja?
...After which I carried you back to your chambers.

Enough of this joking around. The police investigated that clinic.
Inside the safe...?

...But there is a problem. How can you say that bullet was fired on that day?
...!
... Not bad, Herr Forehead.
...
That reminds me. Apparently, the Kitakis have been asserting themselves in lawful business practices... They're making quite a great deal of money... a fortune, if you will.
Your honesty is like a breath of foul air, Fräulein.
Sorry to intrude in this lovely conversation...
But the two of you are forgetting one critical point.
Certainly, the Fräulein wanted that chart. You assume she threatened the doctor into opening that safe. But then... ...wouldn't she have taken the chart?
You see? That chart wouldn't have been left in that safe!
But you couldn't get the chart then, could you?
I'll make sure the responsible parties feel the heat... Such sloppiness won't be tolerated, ja?

Might I remind you this is a cross-examination? You might want to keep your baseless theories to yourself.
...Let's review the facts again, shall we? If the killer shot from this location... ...the bullet would've struck our victim square in the forehead. However! The entry wound... ...was in the right temple.

...Then why don't you show us, Herr Forehead?
Must I explain everything? Very well, let's recap: If the witness, panties guy, was standing to the north... ...then where was the shooter standing? From what location did the killer shoot the victim?
...Ah ha ha ha ha! I merely laid out the facts for us. It is up to the one possessing the shiny forehead to show us. ...If you can, that is.

In one fell swoop, we are back where we were yesterday, ja? How do you explain the wound in the victim's right temple?
So, once again, you are accusing Wesley Stickler? ...As the murderer of Pal Meraktis?
Very well, Herr Forehead. Show us proof! Have you evidence that incriminates Wesley Stickler?
.........
You'll never succeed if your base assumption is faulty. Perhaps you should rethink this from the top, ja?
In fact, you may want to rethink your choice of career.

It's time to raise the roof! ...And the stakes.
Penalties are such frightening things, don't you think? But what if they were a bit more... terrifying? ...Like so.
Herr Forehead wishes to take us in a new direction? Then he must be ready for the challenges ahead!
So young, and already senile. How unfortunate...
You seem intent on digging your own grave. Here, have a shovel and try again.
And this explains the wound in the right temple how?
Yes, amusing... like your career, Mr. Justice.
Perhaps you would be so kind as to try again?

...Let's think about this a bit more, shall we? You say the killer was "inside the noodle stand". Which would mean the victim, Dr. Meraktis came to the park... ...wheeling his own murderer in the cart behind him!

Let's deal with our problems one at a time, shall we? Someone was hiding in the stand... We have not come this far to talk about "possibilities". ...Let's talk about "proof", baby. Show us evidence that proves someone was in that stand!
.........
We have a choice between Heaven... or Hell. Either our brains are damaged, or Herr Forehead's is. I wonder which it is?
And...?

Yet there was only one slipper mark found at the scene... ...Can this be called a footprint, in good faith?

...Yet you still cannot say this is a "footprint", ja?
You have an impression left by a single slipper... What if it was on the stand and simply fell to the ground?
One more thing. A noodle stand is typically cluttered with the tools of the noodle-making trade. There's no room for a person to ride in there!
Again, Mr. Justice, if you would. Your evidence?
True. It would have been impossible without a pistol.
It seems our witness was in a fix as well.
It makes some sense. You are their son's fiancée.

This is a trial to determine what happened in that park. Yet we seem to have drifted off target.
And the red splotch on the cord... was your lipstick.

Heh. Heh heh heh. Not so fast. This party's just getting started! Now, we rock!
Those spikes on your head are softer than they look... Or do you not have the stomach to go all the way?
Pal Meraktis choked Alita Tiala... ...She fell unconscious. But what happened next?
Me? Fräulein, I only wish to know the truth.
That does seem to be the problem... He had just strangled Alita Tiala, perhaps, he thought, to death. What did he do after his crime?
From the state of his clinic, and the scene in the park... ...I think it's clear what the good doctor did next. Well, Herr Forehead? Care to guess?
...Shows what, Herr Forehead?
...His next move would be to dispose of the body!

...I question your "logic".
The park is a dead end. Why would he head in that direction to begin with?

Ah yes, of course. There. ...Why?
...A perfect place to dispose of a body.
He didn't have many other options, Fräulein.
...Must I always be the one to point out Herr Forehead's errors?
I believe the Fräulein speaks of... Herr Doktor's car.
And so we find our victim without probable cause to steal that stand... ...and our defense without a case.
Ah, what an excellent counter-argument, Fräulein. Too bad you're quite wrong.
Don't tell me you've forgotten what happened to your daddy?
Afterward, he drove it back to that garage. It ran fine.
A glaring contradiction, to be sure. More glaring than your forehead.
Is that a groan of surrender I hear?
Some advice: Now's a good time to review all you know. ...Everything you've learned over the last two days.
Without an explanation for why he didn't use the car.
Ah, so you're throwing out everything you've proven up until now?
I admire your adaptability in the face of impossible odds. Yet this does not explain why he was pulling that stand.
Ah, it's proof of a malfunction, alright. ...A malfunction in Herr Forehead's brain.
And I was on my way home... when my hog gave up the ghost.
My motorcycle won't start. A clogged exhaust pipe...
Cars, motorbikes, they're all the same. Clog the exhaust, and they won't run.
I believe we heard as much from Wesley Stickler. He went to use a public phone to inform the police.
She's confessed to everything. We're processing her arrest now.
Some advice: Now's a good time to review all you know. ...Everything you've learned over the last two days.
...Hmm? Something the matter, Herr Forehead?
