We love you! Rock on, everyone! This party's not over yet! Get out your handkerchiefs for our special guest! That's right, baby! The night's just getting started!
Ah, you made it.
Nothing like music to brighten the mood after a trial, ja? ...And we're almost ready for our next act. I'm looking forward to it myself.
That's right. I happened to catch her show while overseas. Her voice... is divine. I knew I had to invite her to perform with us.
Ah, allow me to introduce Mr. Romein LeTouse. ...Lamiroir's manager. And her interpreter, incidentally.
Ah, Lamiroir... Your voice... ...It is art.
Hers is a kind of "sight-seeing musique"...
She travels the globe, putting the sights she sees into song. Even though her appearance and voice are exotic... ...her songs remind us of something close, and warm.
She was gracious enough to put music to my lyrics tonight. "The Guitar's Serenade". ...I hope you enjoy it.
...And now it is time. For the next part, we're giving the Gavinners's hard rock a little rest. Lamiroir, the stage is yours.
...And my guitar, of course.
Shall we hit the stage, then?
Take care your hearts aren't stolen away, ja?
What the heck was that!? I was never consulted about it!
I play new rock, not Great Balls of Fire! Speaking of fire, I have a good mind to fire whoever's responsible!
Apollo Justice! Were you the one who tried to torch me!?
"The Guitar's Serenade" is ruined! Ruined!
Part of the act!? Who'd burn up a guitar on purpose!?
...... ! Wait, you think the audience thought it was...?
......
A-Anyway, that guitar was the Ferrari of guitars! All the speed, all the sound ...and all the price. If I burned one of those at every show I'd go broke!
Achtung! Today's been one disaster after another... My hog won't run, my guitar case's broken...
Ah, yes, thanks. It was a collaboration. I wrote the lyrics, and she wrote the melody.
I'm sure she practiced a long time for this day. Ah, here.
A lyrics sheet. It's yours. Signed by myself and Lamiroir.
For that song, I wrote the lyrics and she wrote the melody. It was a collaboration.
Then practice singing those lyrics. If you get good, I'll invite you into the band.
Not at all. Why, I'm a rock star and a star prosecutor.
...... Herr Forehead.
Understand that I am not Prosecutor Gavin now. I am lead vocal of the Gavinners. That badge sings a different song... on a different stage.
Eh? Lamiroir's, you mean? It's part of her PR campaign. I received a stack. You can have one if you'd like.
Usually, a collaboration is for creating, not stealing.
I wrote those lyrics, you know. Though it was Lamiroir who gave them life.
Almost time for the third act of the night.
Yes! Lamiroir's part is done. Now it's time for us to drop our groove again, ja? Hope you're ready to catch it.
Let the old folks rest backstage, ja? ...Time to rock.
Good work, Daryan.
It's investigation time, then, ja, Fräulein Detective?
One request I must make... Tell no one, on staff or otherwise, anything of this.
No word gets out, other than that Mr. LeTouse is dead. No word of the cause of death, or of the murder.
Not even her. We must keep everything under wraps. Oh, one other thing. I'll need your signature on this, Herr Forehead. Yours too, Fräulein.
You two are civilians. It's standard procedure.
Right, well, get started with the investigation!
Ah, and one tip for you.
Try not to get in the Fräulein detective's way. ...She's in a foul mood today.
What is it with today!? Problem after problem! Achtung!
My hog won't start. My guitar case is busted... ...my guitar's been burnt to a crisp, and to top it all off, someone's dead! ...And then there was that performance just now. What was that all about!?
Me? Miss a cue!? How could I conceivably get the most important part of that song wrong? How!? And what was all that tinny playing of yours?
...Hmm? What are you two doing here?
We were just discussing the investigation, if you don't mind.
Listen... You need to confirm that with the Republic of Borginia, Detective Crescend.
...Which crime do you mean?
Oh, that. For me, today has been a hit parade of crimes, you see.
...Anyway. I'm afraid you know more about the killing of Mr. LeTouse than I do. ...For now, at least.
You were the one who found the body, ja? While we were in the middle of a performance, no less.
I'll leave that to Fräulein Detective. Wouldn't want to step on her toes.
It's not surprising. Why, even our ancestors knew nothing of America's existence once.
This here's my right-hand man. ...Daryan Crescend. I make the melodies, and he attacks them with his guitar. He's a bit of a rogue, really.
The concert today? A disaster! I'll get to the bottom of this and then we'll see who missed a cue!
Ah ha, you heard it, didn't you? From the audience?
Can you guarantee an entire audience of amateurs? No! Now take a listen to this!
A mixing board. We used it to record our concert tonight.
This is but one of the devices used in recordings. We're a five-part band... This lets us record each member's performance separately. You use the sliders to adjust the volume for each part. Check it out!
Of course. That's how we'll find the criminal guilty of missing his cue tonight!
You want help on the case? Then help me with mine!
Let's begin! First, we bring up the part of the performance in question. You simply choose the section of the song you wish to hear on the bottom-most bar. Like so. There it is. Now, listen.
You couldn't hear it? Listen again, closely...
You see? There! Right at the most important part! And even an amateur can hear it!
You're missing the point! We'll never stamp out crime until we're perfect. Perfect!
Right. Herr Amateur, you will prove my point.
You will find the missed cue! You will tell us which instrument, which part, is the guilty party!
Did I not just explain it? Use these sliders to adjust the volume for each part. Then you will find the part that hopelessly bungles the cue! You'll find it, with your untrained amateur ears!
First, a quick review: use the sliders to adjust volumes. Press the section of the song you wish to hear on the bottom bar.
Once you've found the guilty part, press the corresponding number! Time to rock!
Let's see............... ...Herr Forehead.
Let me guess... ...You got a D in high school chorus, didn't you?
This part is perfection. Absolute perfection. I'd bet all the royalties from my last platinum-selling album on it. The guilty part is elsewhere.
Which is that? Hmm... 2nd Guitar.
It was you Daryan!
"Ah well"? That's all you have to say!? That kind of attitude lets killers walk free, Daryan!
...You're well informed.
Ach. Ach! It all happened this morning. It's all this key ring's fault.
It's got all my keys on it, ja? My bike key, my car key... and the key to my guitar case.
...It disappeared. I thought I'd put it in my jacket pocket...
I had to come to the concert by taxi. How embarrassing! And in order to get my guitar out, I had to break the lock.
The very one. Up in flames... ...And right on stage, too.
Crazy. ...And to top it off, Mr. LeTouse's life was taken. Nobody told me 'bout days like these.
...You think?
Yes, and...?
Coincidence...? Meaning...? Daryan, can you make any sense of all this?
...... You... aren't thinking what I think you're thinking... ...are you, Fräulein?
No, no, give Herr Forehead a chance. Let's see your evidence of the connection, shall we?
It has everything to do with everything. Though I wouldn't have believed it if the Fräulein hadn't pointed it out.
Maybe it is a coincidence, or perhaps it means something. Don't you think, Fräulein?
Or perhaps it was the other way around...
The criminal could have based his crime on the lyrics.
Someone who moves in mysterious ways, no doubt. I believe you've stumbled upon something quite vital... and quite annoying, Fräulein.
Th-That...!
Familiar! It's mine! That's my key ring! I've been looking all over for it!
Thanks, anyway. So, where did you find it?
...... Wh-Wha... Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!? The victim... you mean, Mr. LeTouse had my keys?
Hrmm... When will my trials be over?
I really don't think that's...
Are... you blackmailing me, Fräulein?
Anyway... Thanks for finding this. If you'd found it under different circumstances, I'd be even happier.
Herr Forehead, save your wild accusations for the court. I do so enjoy the penalties.
Sorry, but I'm not in the mood to talk about that right now. Even I can only take so much in one day.
Seems a bit more than just a coincidence to me.
Yet the victim was holding it. Hard to think that it was unconnected.
Ah, right. Thanks, Daryan.
A foreign national, Mr. LeTouse was killed... It seems like that would have to be the "point" of all this. But they did more than that. They left us with not only a murder, but a mystery!
...I've had enough, frankly. If you find any more mysteries, do me a favor and keep them to yourselves, ja?
Ah, I had her go to my dressing room. With that pianist, Machi Tobaye, of course. She seemed rather shocked by Mr. LeTouse's sudden passing.
It's not surprising. Why, even our ancestors knew nothing of America's existence once.
Or perhaps it was the other way around...
The criminal could have based his crime on the lyrics.
Someone who moves in mysterious ways, no doubt. I believe you've stumbled upon something quite vital... and quite annoying, Fräulein.
From your vacant stare, I gather you've heard the news.
Look for yourself. Quite the pickle. Quite. The. Pickle.
There's no need for alarm, Fräulein Detective.
All entrances and exits have been sealed. The body will not leave the building. So, I suggest we go find ourselves a cadaver. There will be plenty of time to ponder the "whys" later.
Oh, we'll find him. I'm rather enjoying this.
Yes, Daryan?
Your guitar... was stolen?
OK. Body first, then guitar. And if someone finds that guitar, please bring it to our dressing room.
Mornin'.
What a night, eh? I apologize for being so upset...
It was tough for me, too. We performed together that night, after all. Yet...
The powers that be say that, given the circumstances, it could only have been him.
Lamiroir was invited from Borginia as an ambassador of goodwill. It is vital that this case be wrapped up swiftly. That's all the powers that be want, really.
Herr Forehead... You seem to have forgotten that you're talking to the prosecution... the enemy.
I'm not at liberty to discuss the particulars of the case. ...Especially not to the defense attorney.
That's what I came to tell you. He's down at the detention center... He wants to request your services.
Good luck. I'm off to question Lamiroir.
Good luck. I'm off to question Lamiroir.
"Machi Tobaye", Your Honor. The Pixie of the Arpeggio.
The prosecution is A-OK, Herr Judge.
Ah, my opening statement, ja?
...? Yes?
Eh?
You're in luck, Herr Judge... I believe you'll be going on your hospital visit sooner than you think.
First, to review the victim in this case. Romein LeTouse, age 35. The global manager for diva songstress, Lamiroir. The cause of death: blood loss due to being shot by a large caliber revolver. This report has all the details.
However, the bullet struck him in his shoulder. The damage to his body was slight... death was not immediate. Sadly, his blood loss was such that he could not be saved.
...Two shots were fired. One shot missed, the other penetrated and passed through the victim's shoulder. Both bullets were found in the wall at the scene. Observe the diagram... ...This is where the bullets hit.
...As I was saying, the victim was shot backstage, in a dressing room. This dressing room has only one entrance: this door.
However, there were witnesses who heard the gunshots.
Yet when the witnesses entered the room... ...it was empty, save for the victim's body, of course.
Exactly. This murder was impossible. ...For all but one person.
That is, of course... ...the defendant, Machi Tobaye.
It's quite simple. The circumstances of the crime scene make it clear.
Your name and profession, please.
In any case... Because you were on security detail, the crime was quickly discovered. And, we were able to identify the killer.
You may give the court your testimony, if you would. Describe the circumstances of that day, and your discovery of the crime, please.
Yes, allow me to explain. I smelled something that day, you might say. The stench... of conspiracy. That day, at the concert hall.
Well, isn't it obvious!? My keys! That whole morning, no, the whole day was ruined! And it's all because someone stole my keys! I couldn't ride my hog to the show, I couldn't open my guitar case...
Misplaced them!? Misplaced items don't just wander into a murder victim's hand on their own!
..."Love, slow-acting and new. Atroquinine... is waiting for you..."
...The killing happened in the middle of my concert. I was... like a sailor, adrift on a sea of sound. Anyway, I didn't want anything else stolen. So I put the detective with the most time on their hands on the task.
I gave the Fräulein special permission to be there. ...I wanted to see her again.
And you're sure the shots came from Lamiroir's room?
You don't listen to the Gavinners with your ears. You feel it with your entire body and soul! I always have the backstage monitors at full volume.
...Then everyone on stage for that song has an alibi. Including myself.
And of all the people involved with the concert... ...only one is small enough to be considered a "child".
The pixie of the arpeggio flitted up toward the sky... ...and disappeared from the scene of the crime.
Oh? There was no other way out of that room. You were there. You should know, Herr Forehead.
That air vent was the only way out of the room! The defendant's fingerprints were found on the grill! ...Well, Herr Forehead? What fairy tale does this suggest to you?
Only one could pass through that vent, that "doorway to heaven"... ...and that one is our pixie.
I'm sure the Chief Justice will appreciate the gesture. Unfortunately, we have no direct witnesses. Fortunately, the criminal left decisive evidence for us. That will have to be enough.
The prosecution has presented our proof, clear and plain. If you have contradicting evidence... ...it'd better be clear and plain.
This should be interesting! What sort of evidence?
Thank you for presenting evidence that is both clear and plain, as requested.
My claim is clear: the only person who could have fled the scene was the defendant.
I fear the defense's options are limited, Mr. Justice.
Absolutely. I'd swear it on my career as a prosecutor... And on my million-seller hit song "Atroquinine, My Love".
Perhaps he did... and perhaps he did not.
All we know is what Herr Forehead says he said. It's no testimony, especially since it comes from the defense attorney himself.
It's my policy to fully investigate everything I deem relevant. Clearly this rookie lawyer thinks he can tell me how to do my job.
Perhaps... A stiffer penalty than usual is called for?
This is a bit unexpected. And you have proof?
I doubted there was a witness in the first place. No one had time! They were far too busy rocking to our wild sounds!
...It's sad but true. Some people will never appreciate true art.
My claim still stands. There were no witnesses to this crime!
......
It is my distinct honor to welcome the Siren of the Ballad to our courtroom...
I, too, thought to call her as a witness. But I did not. I had a reason, of course.
Lamiroir... suffers from amnesia.
As lauded singer Lamiroir, she lives a good life. There are little difficulties for her, thanks to her success. Yet... I did not wish to subject her to unnecessary stress.
Lamiroir, let me be frank. I did not want to ask you up here to testify. Yet, that young gentleman with the wide forehead over there was adamant that you stand.
There you have it. She saw nothing that night. Now we can only pray that the defense has the sense to admit defeat. ...And refrain from detaining her here longer than need be.
Herr Judge.
It's my autograph. Now keep this trial moving.
Let us continue, shall we? If you would, Lamiroir... ...Tell us what you did after your stellar performance.
Why that's Lamiroir's. She was wearing it for her song.
Wh-What...?
What...!?
...She says, "English is quite difficult."
"Your forehead may be large, but you are a lawyer, truly. But... you have missed one important fact."
"In fact, at the time of the incident... ...I went backstage, but only for a moment."
"Think back to the moment of the crime. You know whereof I speak."
So this was when your brooch dropped? That explains that.
...Herr Forehead.
She has raised a possibility. The only thing that can counter that... is evidence.
Herr Forehead shouting, "Who's there!" no doubt. A horrible voice indeed...
I have always wondered, Herr Forehead. Does that voice of yours lack a volume knob?
A "division" or "partition", I believe. It was a large dressing room, divided into two halves.
...Of course. All we want to know... is the truth.
You have traveled the world as a singer... You must have sung in places far more dangerous than our country.
I plan on recording my next album overseas. Their studios have a different sound, you know.
Yes. He's given the police no end of headaches. He answers most questions with silence... and those glinting frames speak nothing. The questioning hasn't gotten very far.
...Allow me to apologize. But please understand... ...keeping you in the dark was as painful for me as it was for you.
...Stop polishing your forehead and start polishing your character, ja?
Personally speaking... I still believe that cross-examining her will yield us absolutely nothing.
Ach. This is my first time hearing this, I assure you. Nice play, Herr Forehead.
You need not worry, Lamiroir. Your choice of words is impeccable. There is a small window in the dressing room in question. Perhaps the defense remembers this detail?
Ah ha ha... It amuses me that you would question her testimony. It is testimony in your favor! Isn't it my job to object?
So you heard a voice. But wait... ...Couldn't that have been the victim, Mr. LeTouse?
Hah!
Surely you can't be serious, Herr Forehead.
Heh. Bravo, Herr Forehead. You're colder than I thought.
It is as Herr Forehead says. Yet, this is not the only contradiction within her testimony.
Lamiroir. I understand why you would want to protect Machi. Yet remember, you are the Siren of the Ballad... ...And lies do not become such a creature.
I recall the state of the crime scene quite well.
Yes, and when the murder took place... ...that window was closed. I find it hard to believe you could hear a voice through it.
...Lamiroir. I have nothing but the highest regard for your musical sense. ...But my opinion of you as a witness is somewhat lesser.

So you say. And the victim named her, the "Siren" as the witness?
We heard your claim. We even entertained the possibility. And it brought us to this. Herr Judge!
The prosecution requests that the witness... be excused. Please.
...Danke. Now where were we? Ah yes, I would like to hear from Fräulein Detective again.
......
At last, back to the real trial. Ready, Herr Forehead?
Fräulein Detective, how far had we gotten until we were so rudely interrupted?
I dislike saying the same thing twice. And I never repeat a song for an encore.
...A virtuoso performance! I couldn't have put it better myself.
Oh? What's that?
...A perceptive observation, Herr Judge.
Very good, Fräulein Detective. Perhaps you can tie it all together for us. Why was the body moved? And how does that lead us to the killer!?
Yes... "The Guitar's Serenade". You noticed its "code" too, did you not?
All the events that day followed the lyrics to our song. First, the keys my "heart" held on to so tightly were stolen.
The rest hardly needs explanation... "Guitar, Guitar... Up together to the sky."
It's a wild world out there, Herr Judge.
It is as Fräulein Detective says. Let us begin with the first verse. If you would, Fräulein Detective.
You are the witness, ja? Or did you want me to sing? I warn you, my fee as vocalist is not trivial.
Indeed, my favorite heart-shaped key ring was stolen that morning.
Bravo, Fräulein Detective. Your singing... it's not bad. Now, for the finale! "Guitar, Guitar... Up together to the sky." As it says in the lyrics, Mr. LeTouse... ...was found with a guitar, high in the "sky" over the stage. No series of coincidences could be so well conceived!
Not only did he steal my keys, he torched my guitar! ...Unforgivable acts even if he had a reason... and worse if he had none!
Fräulein Detective! I take offense at that description...
You see? No one here had a motive to kill him, and certainly not in such an elaborate fashion.
Wh-What did you say!?
...... Of course not, and I am quite dismayed by the ludicrous nature of her claim. Why would I need promotion? Everyone already listens to my music.
That reminds me, the monitor in that room was blaring at the time, ja? Hardly ideal conditions for tracking by sound.
Oh? How so?
......
It does not matter why he missed. What matters is that the shooter was, without a doubt, the defendant. Even the defense seems to agree on that point.
But, let's get the facts of the matter on the record. If you would, Fräulein Detective.
And our music was blaring over the room monitor. Not the best circumstances for aiming by sound.
Thus the prosecution's position.
You've merely raised a "possibility".
Fräulein Detective has made a most logical conjecture based upon the evidence. Of course, there is more evidence than just bullet holes. The defendant was the only one who could have escaped through the air vent.
...Ah, a very good point. Well, Fräulein Detective? If you would care to explain?
You could have figured it out for yourself. You only needed to consider what that stepladder was doing there.
Well, Herr Forehead? Out of ammunition, perhaps?
......
Your face does not exactly project... confidence.
As I knew you would, Herr Forehead.
Apparently both love... and Justice are blind.
......
Then perhaps you'd best show us this "something". Get your finger out of the breeze and put it to good use, ja?
I believe all he has added to our understanding of this photo... is his fingerprint. I would hope you could refrain from soiling the evidence, Herr Forehead.
Get what, Fräulein?
Neither would I.
......
......
...It seems I owe the court an apology.
The Gavinners are a band with law enforcement ties, yet a murder occurred... ...during our concert! Apparently, this caused some confusion over jurisdiction. As a result, some reports were not filed in an entirely timely manner.
Heh heh heh. I've got an idea... Let's rock! ...With these documents. But before that. I have a question for the Fräulein Detective. If I may?
Tell me... Why do you think that Machi Tobaye is blind?
Of course...?
I have a report here on the defendant, Machi Tobaye. According to this, Machi Tobaye... ...can see perfectly well.
His blindness was merely a publicity ploy by those clever Borginians. He can see quite well.
...What did I say, exactly?
Herr Forehead, not once in the course of this trial... ...have I claimed the defendant was blind. The only one who did was Fräulein Detective.
...A significant fact, yes! Consider: Machi Tobaye sees. And he was the only one who could have fled through the air vent. I see no problems with this.
Yes, the bullet holes. I believe Herr Forehead neatly explained those for us. He didn't miss because he couldn't see. It was the kickback from the 45-caliber revolver. A simple accident, in other words.
How's that? I'm afraid your "objection" has just flown off for brighter skies...
This is where the real fun begins, Herr Forehead!
I knew you didn't have what it took.
Ah ha ha. Oh, sorry!
Ah yes, have we done those tests yet...?
The blood stains covered a section of the carpet. In order to perform blood tests, that section was removed and submitted. Perhaps we should request it here in court now.
Ah hah! I have it!
I thought those letters "IPXX" looked familiar. This is an Interpol ID number.
Yes. Most are undercover agents working to solve international crimes. But why would he write that number...?
Good show, Fräulein Detective. Rock on.
Your Honor! We can verify this number immediately.
...Daryan, are you there? Come up to the witness stand! Daryan... you heard what we need. Go check into this Interpol ID number.
That would be a possibility.
Well, we have some time while we await Daryan's report. Let's work on unraveling another mystery, shall we? A curious mystery concerning Machi Tobaye.
Fräulein Detective, please accept my apologies. I received word that the defendant could, in fact, see, just before the trial began. It seemed too much of a bother to tell you.
Does this not raise a rather straightforward question?
Exactly... It makes little sense. What do you think, Herr Forehead?
Machi Tobaye pretended he was blind... ...Do you know why?
Hmm? Something wrong? Do you think, perhaps, this is all some kind of game? Know that the moment I heard that report... ...I knew why.
There was a reason why Machi Tobaye pretended to be blind. But it wasn't for his own sake. ...Getting the picture now?
...Good show, Herr Forehead. It seems you've thought of something.
Is it now?
The only thing outrageous I see about the defense is his vast forehead... ...Yet I see it is not vast in vain. This time. He's quite correct.
Ah ha ha ha. Herr Forehead, I'm disappointed in you. Unless you're merely "feigning" stupidity? Ja?
Recall the relationship of Lamiroir and Machi Tobaye. In particular, their arrangement over the years before visiting our country.
That's right. Because he was "blind". Or so we thought... She led him at all times. All times.
Yet we now know that Machi could see perfectly well. Why keep up the charade?
There is a simpler explanation, Herr Judge. Machi did not need to be led by the hand at all. Which means...
I do. It was the other way around! The one who needed to be led by the hand... ...was Lamiroir!
Blind as a bat, Herr Judge.
Ah ha ha ha. Herr Forehead, I'm disappointed in you. Unless you're merely "feigning" stupidity? Ja?
Recall the relationship of Lamiroir and Machi Tobaye. In particular, their arrangement over the years before visiting our country.
That's right. Because he was "blind". Or so we thought... She led him at all times. All times.
Yet we now know that Machi could see perfectly well. Why keep up the charade?
There is a simpler explanation, Herr Judge. Machi did not need to be led by the hand at all. Which means...
I do. It was the other way around! The one who needed to be led by the hand... ...was Lamiroir!
Blind as a bat, Herr Judge.
Well, since we have her here...
...Why not ask Lamiroir herself? I believe she is still in the witness waiting room.
...Lamiroir. It pains me deeply to call you before us again in this way. And yet I must.
You may recall me saying something toward the beginning of this trial, Herr Forehead.
I believe I said it was unfortunate this crime had no "direct" witnesses.
Now, Lamiroir, I must ask you to stand once more. Will you testify to the court about your eyes?
She told us the truth in the beginning. When she said she "saw nothing".
Perhaps it is best we let you get it out of your system. Someday you'll come to understand... ...the importance of thinking for yourself.
...It's fruitless to attempt to pry into her past. And, I might add, it's a delicate subject.
She has talent, that much is quite clear. You might even say she is beloved by the gods of music.
It sounds like this producer might have known what he was doing after all.
I believe I know what is bothering our young defense attorney. ...You are thinking of when you discovered the body, yes?
Tsk, tsk.
What did I just say? You need to learn to think for yourself.
There is no mystery here if you recall everything he said. Think of his last words once more.
I remember them well myself, but that statement is not to what I refer. I mean what he said before that.
...That's right. He tried to tell you. When he said "can't see" he wasn't talking about himself. He was talking about the witness!
Too bad the defense did not. Well, Herr Forehead? Try relaxing and "looking" at the facts first next time.
Recall Lamiroir's earlier testimony...
That is not the most important point here.
The moment he was shot, Mr. LeTouse "witnessed" her through that window. ...Why else would he have named her as the witness?
Unfortunately, such a thing was impossible. The window was closed. We have already run a simulation, of course.
Ah, the Interpol number that Mr. LeTouse left us.
...Quick work as always, Daryan.
What...?
Well, out with it.
So the victim was killed with his own weapon, which makes sense. It's hard to imagine someone who wasn't an Interpol agent with such a large revolver.
Daryan?
Y-You aren't saying--!?
Is this some kind of a joke!?
...And then there was that performance just now. What was that all about!?
Which is that? Hmm... 2nd Guitar.
It was you Daryan!
Yeah, so that's why I am asking, what is this creepy thing... object... whatever.
What? A "replica"...? So why was he after it in the first place? Yeah, LeTouse!
Look, don't talk to me about those Borginians, OK? Just get me that report, chop chop. ...And stop leaving mysterious objects in my office, OK?
It's times like this when I start to miss Daryan... ...Huh?
...How could I be? There's not enough "tee hee" in the world, in any case. Have a seat.
So, who have you come to see?
Klavier, lead vocalist for the Gavinners? Or Prosecutor Gavin, scourge of the courtroom?
I thought it was one of the staff playing a gag on me. I never guessed that wasn't the end of it... I had a specialist analyze the guitar, incidentally.
He didn't have a lot of time, so it's still unclear... But the results he came up with were... intriguing.
Don't jump to any conclusions, now. That's no chewing gum. Take a closer look... ...Although I really shouldn't be offering, should I.
Yeah, so that's why I am asking, what is this creepy thing... object... whatever.
What? A "replica"...? So why was he after it in the first place? Yeah, LeTouse!
...Wait a second! You were listening to my phone call, weren't you!?
...Too [sic] tell the truth, I'm not even sure what it is. But apparently, it's a model of something undercover agent Mr. LeTouse was after.
You can never have too many guitars. They are like... my lovers.
Ah ha ha ha. Of course, I would never do such a thing. Did I not say, they are like my lovers? Do I seem like the kind of man who would do such a thing to ones he loves?
To me, a life without music is inconceivable. I never turn down the volume, even when I'm working on a case.
This room is completely soundproof, of course.
Hey, don't look at those too closely. I'm still sorting out the details.
You're looking at my favorite chair right now.
That is an ergonomic, adjustable office--
......
No. I merely realized the futility of an explanation.
The view is exhilarating, ja? I sit here, gazing down upon the city, writing my songs.
It is the same thing. I write lyrics the same way I corroborate evidence. It is a harmony between the logical mind, and the primal spirit within!
Ah, that reminds me, did you see the paper today?
Good girl. How about you, Herr Forehead?
...Then you will not have seen this!
It's not a show. It's an article. News, you know?
Since getting back from the trial, my phone has been ringing off the hook! "How does it feel to take a man's life with a song?" "Have you ever hummed a man all the way to death row?" "Do you think you could sing for me over the phone?" ...It is endless. Endless! Thanks to the case you made today, of course.
Ah yes. The Borginian Daily Bugle. Go ahead, take a look.
Oh, that's right. Suffice it to say this is big news over there as well. Though they didn't go so far as to mention the lyrics to my song.
...It's probably seen as "just a theory" at this point. Their journalists didn't see the need to mention it.
Lamiroir's testimony will probably be in the evening edition, I'd imagine. Which is why I've had Daryan step down from the investigation for now.
Lamiroir was my invited guest, so it is a rather delicate situation... ...You understand how much I want to solve this case. Quickly, if possible.
That's right. It was last year... I had gone to tour Borginia's legal system, as a matter of fact.
It was at a small jazz club. ...I wept that night. I knew I had to meet her, to talk with her. So I used my influence, which is not inconsiderable, to arrange a meeting.
Thankfully, she liked the work I did, and we wrote a song right there, backstage. Machi on piano, that dulcet voice... And myself on a guitar that I borrowed from Lamiroir.
It is a memory I hold dear. And the song we wrote that night... was this. And that very guitar is right over there.
No matter. I shall never sing that song again. I wouldn't have used that guitar again either, even if I could have.
...It was a beautiful instrument. It was played lovingly for many years. A guitar befitting a woman like Lamiroir.
She gave it to me. I mentioned how much I enjoyed playing it that night, and she made a present of it.
That it is. We couldn't carry it on the plane. Changes in air pressure and humidity ruin the wood. So, we vacuum packed it in Lamiroir's studio. I used a special shipping service available to me for transporting evidence. They brought it right up to my office for me. ...Pristine and untouched.
Well, you know how guitars have a round hole in the front? It is called the "sound hole".
Well, they found something attached to the wood just inside the hole. ...A broken device of some sort.
Yes. This, in fact. The examiner is busy with evidence for the case now, however. So he'll be checking this out once he's finished with everything else.
This was found in Mr. LeTouse's bag. It's apparently a replica of something.
We analyzed it... but there's not much to say, other than it's a lump of plastic. Perhaps it was to be used in the identification of whatever it is a replica of.
That seems to be the most logical explanation.
Don't ask me, Fräulein.
I've put in a request to Interpol via my contacts in Borginia... But, apparently there is a block on information somewhere along the chain.
Something Interpol doesn't want to tell Borginia... Something about this little piece of plastic.
I've sent someone to the coliseum to fetch Lamiroir. Perhaps she knows something about it, being a Borginian.
The Guitar's Serenade... Might I ask, did you enjoy it?
I was singing it for you, Fräulein.
I am glad you were moved. It is that kind of song.
That looks like one of our tour-issue headsets. Why are you wearing it, Fräulein?
Oh, no, please, you keep it. It goes well with your cape, Fräulein.
Excuse me, did you say something?
You would think someone with such a loud voice would speak more clearly, ja?
...! Why, that looks like the same thing! What is it...?
...At the scene of the crime? What could that mean, I wonder?
My apologies, but there's no way I'm going to talk details about the case with you. If you want to get my attention, bring me something... dramatic.
I believe that covers everything I'm at liberty to talk to you about.
Thanks for dropping by, ...Herr Forehead.
Why, you gave me so much information! That igniter, for instance...
I've never met an attorney so forthcoming with the prosecution. It's a big help. ...Or perhaps you're just a tad naïve, hmm?
...?
I've been thinking, Herr Forehead. We encounter many incidents in our lives, all of us. Not all of them simple.
That is why I try to at least remain simple inside. And I keep a simple goal: to discover the truth.
That's why I like to keep relations civil, ja? ...That is all.
Fräulein?
Ah. Because I want women to turn and look when I walk down the street.
Now if you'll excuse me, I've got work to do. Another time, perhaps.
Machi Tobaye... our suspect fortissimo.
The prosecution... is ready to rock.
Herr Judge, let me say, with all honesty, I feel your pain. But, now is not the time for tears. Now is the time... for law.
Quite a sensational ending. Who would have thought Daryan would guest star in the season cliff-hanger... as a suspect?
Daryan Crescend is a member of my band, the Gavinners... ...He is also a detective, making the current charges serious indeed. Yet, after investigation, I have found no cause to alter our case, or file new charges.
Weren't you aware, Herr Forehead? He has an impeccable alibi.
Let us review the facts again, shall we? The concert held on the night of the shooting was in three sets. The Gavinners ripped up the stage during the first set. For the second set, our guest took center stage... The only performers appearing were myself, Lamiroir, and Machi... ...along with a drummer and bassist, for a total of five. The shooting in the dressing room, however, took place during the third set. Lamiroir and the defendant, Machi Tobaye had left the stage at that point... ...and
Furthermore, Lamiroir herself witnessed the moment of the crime... ...Well, perhaps I should say, she "heard" the moment of the crime. ...When she claims to have heard Mr. LeTouse and Detective Crescend "talking".
Precisely. Detective Crescend was on stage, getting his groove on, no less. Voila. A perfect alibi!
Which means that Lamiroir was sadly mistaken. Her testimony cannot be true.
Exactly who else do you need to hear from?
You don't mean...
Interpreter? I'm afraid you'll have to look elsewhere. I only speak a few phrases, such as, "I love you," and, "Where is the toilet?"
Ah ha ha... Bravo, Herr Forehead. Herr Judge! The prosecution agrees with the defense's request. If Lamiroir lies, I'll be able to tell. Even my limited knowledge of the language should be enough for that.
I suppose there is a first time for everything. Shall we proceed?
Your name, to begin with. ...If you would, Lamiroir.
...This is a surprise.
I wondered what he meant by "proof". Why, he would only have to ask Lamiroir to know the meaning of that song.
Has my oft-repeated warning already fled that forehead? Lamiroir might be protecting the witness!

Lamiroir... This is Machi's cross-examination, not yours.
This is a court of law. We'll play by the book.
It's... not actually the guitar that's in love, strictly speaking.
Ah, no, not really. Yours is also a valid interpretation.
Not possible, the subject of the lyrics was not brought up in police questioning. I read the full report myself.
Then it looks like Herr Forehead's been jumping to conclusions again.
First he could see, now he can talk. And you... did not know about this, Lamiroir?
Apparently, the answer to that question isn't simple either.
Ah ha ha. As the prosecution has held all along, no less. The defendant has admitted to being at the scene. Might we take this as a confession?

The victim had already been shot, you say? I find that hard to believe. The defendant understood the song lyrics. He was at the scene of the crime... This can only mean one thing. He is the shooter!
So much for your precious trust, Herr Forehead.
Regardless, this brings us to an impasse.
...... Shame. And here I thought this was your big chance to turn the case around.

What are you up to now? I thought we determined yesterday that Lamiroir's testimony was insubstantial! There's nothing you can--
What!? I've heard no such report!
!
W-Well...
So, am I to understand that this is what you are saying? Namely, that there is a nugget of "truth" in Lamiroir's testimony... ...A nugget we have yet to uncover?
...Lamiroir, I must apologize. We must ask you to stand again and speak.
At which point I proved she could not be correct. She couldn't have heard any of those things. The small window at the scene was closed, and was found to be quite soundproof.
There is, it seems, much you do not know.
Then it is my distinct displeasure to say this. What you have said to have happened... is impossible.
...!
The one in red over there is a shining example, Herr Judge.
How many times do I need to remind you that's impossible? There is no way you could have heard him.
Of course.
That's quite the vague question.
Nothing new there, as expected.
......
You remember something that was said!?
This may be beside the point, but Lamiroir isn't a citizen. Though one would hope such common sense prevails in Borginia as well...?

Are you alright, Lamiroir?
Recall what I told you yesterday, Herr Forehead. Lamiroir suffers from serious amnesia. Please refrain from traumatizing her further.
Why don't you prove her reason had a connection to the case before asking about it, ja?
Oh? Yet there was nothing at the scene that could be called a "switch". Save the lights'.
On the stage...

Oh, Herr Forehead? I'd call that an "impossibility".
It's hardly necessary for me to remind the court of the layout of the concert forum. The stage is quite far from Lamiroir's dressing room. Not to mention that the Gavinners were in the middle of a concert on said stage. We aren't known for being a quiet band. You could shout all you wanted and not be heard.
So, too, have Herr Forehead's cries of "possibility" fallen far short of being heard...
...Excuse me?
Apparently, it is easier said than done.
! Wh-Why that's...
Ah, yes, actually. They're for talking between band members. We all had one on.

True, but wait! Those send out an electronic signal. To avoid interference with the audio systems, their range is quite limited.
Ah...
That... can't be...

Hah! You're claiming this is the "switch" in question? Why did it have to be on the stage at the time? It could be placed in a pocket and carried anywhere! Someone could have hid it on the stage after the fact!
What is this switch, anyway? We don't even know that basic fact.
I fail to see how this evidence links the "switch" to this case in any way.
Ach! That's that...
You aren't saying this switch is a remote...?
What...?
......
You're... talking about what happened to me, aren't you?
The better the guitar, the brighter it burns. Herr Forehead!
Don't tell me you're trying to tie these two things together? Those being the shooter's voice, heard by Lamiroir... ...and the guitar suddenly catching on fire?

Herr Forehead, don't destroy what little respect I have for you!
I was expecting something a little more... sensible. I guess I was wrong.
His simple story simply makes no sense. Think! That night, my guitar caught fire, yes. The cause... may have been this, indeed. However! The guitar caught fire during the second set!
Indeed. Yet the shooting happened during the third set. The two are utterly unrelated!
See? His story makes no sense.

What's this? But Detective Ema Skye heard shots and found the body. All of this happened in the third act!
This... This is insane!
Whaaat!?
...You're saying the order was reversed on purpose!
If the criminal followed the lyrics strictly, then yes... ...the shooting would have had to come after the guitar burst into flame. Yet, Herr Forehead has raised another possibility. He's claiming that the bullet came not after, but just before the "fire".

I was hoping it wouldn't come to this. But sadly, it has. Let me tell you why your little fairy tale makes no sense at all.
Oh, it sounds good, I'll give you that. You've given us a reason why the killer bothered following the lyrics of my song. But I question your logic! ...For it's flawed from the very beginning.
Yes. A contradiction, Herr Forehead, one I've pointed out several times, no less. At the time of the crime, the small window at the scene was closed... How could Lamiroir have heard a voice through it?
I know that you would like to divert our attention from this critical fact. But you're basing your entire line of reasoning on a false premise!
I see a more direct line of questioning is required. When the crime scene was investigated, immediately after the crime... ...that window was closed! Care to tell us how Lamiroir heard the voice?

News bulletin, Herr Forehead: That horse is dead. Stop beating it, for all our sakes. That window was closed! This is a hard fact, reported by the investigation team.
Oh? You have evidence to the contrary, perhaps?
Then do be quiet. I tire of this charade.
......
Then perhaps we should hear it straight from the All-Powerful Voice himself. Care to explain how clairaudience has anything to do with this case?
Ah, it's good to hear you making sense again. For a moment, I was afraid you might be a Borginian, too.
Ha ha ha, you do amuse me so. And here I thought you and good sense were back on speaking terms. Now, I'm afraid you and good sense speak two entirely different languages.
Shall I interpret for you, Herr Forehead? Lamiroir clearly stated she heard the voice through that small window! And there is only one "small window" at the scene!
!
And this changes what?

Now you've done it. You've gone beyond ridiculous and into... ludicrous. So Lamiroir was up in the ventilation system listening to this man's voice?
"Logical"? I do not think this word means what you think it means, Herr Forehead!
Hah! It hardly merits saying! Why would Lamiroir be in the ventilation system? Hiding like a rat! No offense intended to her, of course.
Urk...
Whaaaat!?
That's what the cross-examination is for, ja, Herr Forehead?
Our mission in this court is to discern the truth. No obligation, no binding pact, may hinder that mission.
I see little point in badgering the witness. What's done is done! The mind works differently when one is in the middle of a performance. Why, I've lost my voice in the middle of a show and kept on singing, completely unaware.
Valant Gramarye! What!?
......
......
What...?
He said that!?
............ I... I knew about the vanishing act, of course. Yet, I had no idea of the route that would be used. Why didn't that magician tell me!
Ah, what a novel idea. I like it.
Not a bad show, if I do say so myself.

Herr Judge, I do hate to spoil the mood... ...but I haven't the faintest idea what he's talking about. And neither does he.
And you're bringing this up now... why? I thought we had already determined when that was dropped.
...!
Whaaat...!?
...From your expression, I gather you had no idea this was the case, Herr Judge. I, of course, knew about it.
Don't get me wrong, I wasn't hiding it. It just never occurred to me... ...that the switch and the shooting took place at the same time.
There was. Just before the stage's tower rose, Lamiroir was "replaced".
Why, the man behind the illusion. Valant Gramarye.
Ah ha ha... The Gavinners aren't some kind of air guitar band, Fräulein.
When we play a show live, we play live. No recordings. ...Perhaps you can explain, Lamiroir?
An enchantment woven with music and magic... Perfection!

A matter best left for later, ja? Put that forehead of yours to work on this illusion first.
...Are you sure?
Once again we come back to the state of the scene of the crime.
...Satisfied? That dressing room was fitted with a large speaker playing a direct feed from the stage. ...At my request, actually.
Forehead! That mixing board I lent you! Where is it?
......
...Fascinating.
I don't believe I've ever seen a trial turned around quite so thoroughly. ...Yet one problem remains.
Herr Forehead's theory does have a certain kind of logic to it. Yet it is entirely based upon Lamiroir's testimony.
Well, it's quite simple, though it pains me to say it. What if she is lying to protect the defendant?
All I'm saying is that the truth is as yet unclear. ...Until we hear directly from the man himself.
...Yes. Though he is a friend, and band member, Daryan Crescend must take the stand. I see no other way.
...As a suspect, to be frank.
...I'm the last man who needs to be reminded of what his duties are.
In the witness lounge, ready to be called at any time.
Might I add... I don't believe any of this. He... Daryan was the first detective I ever worked with. We stopped working together when he moved to Criminal Affairs, Division 3... But his guitar playing... it fires my imagination!
Oh, I know. ...Herr Forehead.
...Name and occupation, please.
......
The situation's changed, Daryan... And don't call me "partner".
......
...You go too far, Daryan.
...Daryan wasn't involved in any of the meetings with her.
...Daryan, watch what you say. Lamiroir is an artist. She "just flubbed it up"? That's no small accusation for a performer of her caliber.
We know one thing for certain here. There were gunshot-like sounds that emanated from that room during the third set. What we must determine is whether those sounds were actually gunshots.
...That's the remote-triggered igniter.
Traces of gunpowder were found on these fragments. We have a report that it was something like a firecracker.
What? You think Detective Skye works for you? I received the report this morning, before coming here. That's when I made my decision, actually.
I registered Daryan as a witness in today's trial. ...Just in case.
...He may not look it, but Daryan is a gifted detective. Show any weakness, and he's sure to find it.
...That reminds me. I happened to pass through that very hallway several times that day myself. And I saw something odd there just before the third set.
A headset. The kind all of the band and staff members were wearing.
What if that headset wasn't dropped, but placed? And what if it was turned on?
Listen to me, Daryan. There are no sides in a court of law.
Which is why I now turn to you, Herr Forehead. I've a question for you.
The igniter and the burnt fragments that were found at the scene of the crime... It's certainly a possibility that they were part of a ruse to fake the sound of gunshots. Throw the headset from the hallway into the mix, and you could fabricate an alibi. But we're still no closer to proving anything. Those gunshots might have been real, or fake. We can't say.
You've raised the possibility that the shots heard during the third set were faked. Now you need to prove the other half of the case.
Indeed. If you can't prove that... ...then to continue this cross-examination would be pointless.
...You make it sound like someone else is going to come along and do it for you.
As much as I'm enjoying the Daryan & Forehead show, there is no need for such tempers.
Neither of your claims can be proven... or disproved. We could argue for days like this and get nowhere.
You move the sliders to adjust the volume. Each instrument is adjustable separately. Lamiroir's voice included.
Ah... You intend to examine the recording at that moment, ja? We might even hear those gunshots!
Have you forgotten, Daryan? We were all wearing these headsets.
We were all deeply involved in our performance... ...but Lamiroir's headset would've picked up what she heard all the same.
Herr Judge's hearing aside, I, too, heard nothing. ...Leading me to believe there is nothing there to be heard.
Or... the sound was coming over the headset along with her voice.
Perhaps it is you who are hard of hearing, Daryan. It sounds like a gunshot to me.
Then I think you'd best show it to the court. Let's see this evidence!
And I had such high hopes for you, Herr Forehead...
Why not. And... get it right this time, hmm?
...That's the remote-triggered igniter.
Traces of gunpowder were found on these fragments. We have a report that it was something like a firecracker.
What? You think Detective Skye works for you? I received the report this morning, before coming here. That's when I made my decision, actually.
I registered Daryan as a witness in today's trial. ...Just in case.
...He may not look it, but Daryan is a gifted detective. Show any weakness, and he's sure to find it.
...That reminds me. I happened to pass through that very hallway several times that day myself. And I saw something odd there just before the third set.
A headset. The kind all of the band and staff members were wearing.
What if that headset wasn't dropped, but placed? And what if it was turned on?
Listen to me, Daryan. There are no sides in a court of law.
In any case...
You move the sliders to adjust the volume. Each instrument is adjustable separately. Lamiroir's voice included.
Ah... You intend to examine the recording at that moment, ja? We might even hear those gunshots!
Have you forgotten, Daryan? We were all wearing these headsets.
We were all deeply involved in our performance... ...but Lamiroir's headset would've picked up what she heard all the same.
Herr Judge's hearing aside, I, too, heard nothing. ...Leading me to believe there is nothing there to be heard.
I believe a case has been made. Gunshots were heard during the second set. Which means Lamiroir's testimony... was true.
Detective Crescend... You weren't on stage during the second set. You could have done it.
Ah, once again I am reminded of something.
Our performance that day...
Seeing the mixing board jogged my memory. You were there, too, Herr Forehead.
What is it with today!? Problem after problem! Achtung! My hog won't start. My guitar case is busted... ...my guitar's been burnt to a crisp, and to top it all off, someone's dead! ...And then there was that performance just now. What was that all about!?
Which is that? Hmm... 2nd Guitar.
It was you Daryan!
...I thought it strange at the time. How could you miss such a simple cue? I know you, I know how you play. You're better than that.
I'm talking about the murder weapon. Mr. LeTouse's 45-caliber hand cannon. As we have learned, even the shooter doesn't go unscarred with a revolver that size. The kickback is enough to dislocate your shoulder, if you're an amateur.
The standard sidearm issued to police officers is a 38-caliber weapon. A much tamer beast. Also, the murder weapon belonged to the victim, Mr. LeTouse. ...Which suggests there was a struggle between killer and victim.
...The thought had occurred to me, yes.
......
According to our records... Yes. Not even once.
My condolences, Herr Forehead, but he's telling the truth. He's never set foot outside the country. I can guarantee it.
Herr Forehead, perhaps it's best if you let your evidence do the talking, ja?
It is a variety only found in the Republic of Borginia. Nowhere else.
Apparently, it is most efficacious at treating a disease thought incurable. It is the only medicine of its kind. ...However, it is illegal to take one of these healing cocoons out of Borginia.
We looked into the matter at some length. Apparently, it isn't difficult at all to manufacture the remedy from the cocoon. Yet, if you change the process only slightly... ...you can easily make a large quantity of something else entirely. ...A deadly poison, in fact.
There was an incident, several years ago, where some of these got out onto the black market. It caused quite the commotion in the global community. Though the media was kept largely unaware.
All this has led to a strict ban on the cocoons' export. One rigidly enforced... by Interpol, among others.
According to reports, these cocoons top Interpol's list. Selling them to an underground organization would be risky.
My reports indicate that there are ongoing efforts to control information about the cocoons. Most people only know they're illegal to export, that's all.
I do recall it being a bit extreme. They were even confiscating gumdrops and marshmallows.
I remember setting off the metal detectors several times. I had to practically strip naked to walk through.
Maybe we could get them to cut his hair, too.
The Republic of Borginia is a peaceful, pleasant country. So this level of security shows us how truly concerned they are about these cocoons.
Down, Daryan. ...It's as you say. There are no loopholes, at least in the case of these cocoons. International Affairs, Interpol, and Borginian Customs are all watching.
Ah ha. Chill, both of you. Let's do this cool, ja?
Ah... Aaaaaaaaaaah! I don't believe it...
...It was a beautiful instrument. It was played lovingly for many years. A guitar befitting a woman like Lamiroir.
I mentioned how much I enjoyed playing it that night, and she made a present of it.
That it is. We couldn't carry it on the plane. Changes in air pressure and humidity ruin the wood. So, we vacuum packed it in Lamiroir's studio. I used a special shipping service available to me for transporting evidence. They brought it right up to my office for me. ...Pristine and untouched.
...Quite. The guitar was wrapped in several sheets and vacuum packed in Borginia. The pack was untouched until the day of the concert. Are you saying that guitar was...
Good memory, Herr Forehead.
Well, you know how guitars have a round hole in the front? It is called the "sound hole". Well, they found something attached to the wood just inside the hole. ...A broken device of some sort.
Yes. This, in fact.
He means this, of course.
...Was placed in there for a clear reason, it seems.
Ahh... Herr Forehead. At last, it all comes together.
First... my keys were stolen. A harmless misdemeanor. Which forced me to break the lock on my guitar case.
Mr. LeTouse, an undercover agent, was on to something. He would have known about the guitar. He'd only have to check the shipping records. So... Mr. LeTouse tried to examine the guitar himself.
With Lamiroir there to "witness" it.
......
For a made-up story... ...it makes a great deal of sense... Daryan.
True, you haven't.
While your co-conspirator was on stage!
Perhaps you should get that forehead checked out... As you may recall, Lamiroir was attacked yesterday! Hardly something one does to one's accomplice.
Eh? I thought you said the accomplice was Borginian!
...The problem isn't in what we "see". Correct, Daryan?
...Strange.
No, it's just... Something's odd about the performance there.
...Strange.
No, it's just... Something's odd about the performance there.
Then, as prosecutor, it falls to me to ask you to show us evidence supporting this. Herr Forehead. You're sure about this?
Nor can you prove anyone pressed the switch with that... "evidence".
Ah, I think I know what he's suggesting. You think Machi could have played that part... with one hand?
It's a beautiful song. And the lyrics... are outstanding.
As I'm sure you've realized it yourself, Herr Forehead.
Not this time, Daryan.
There's no point in changing an arrangement if you can't hear it clearly. And that wasn't the point. I had him play specifically so that the piano would stay in the background.
That was what I noticed. "Why should the same phrase sound slightly different?" I asked myself.
Yes, quite. Though, personally, this comes as a terrible disappointment.
Personally, I'm terribly disappointed... ...in you, Herr Forehead.
Yes. Don't get me wrong, your case is solid. The facts all check out. But, even now... ...you have yet to show us a single piece of decisive evidence.
Ah, yes. Good guitars are kept dry, is why. That provides the best sound.
All the better. I'm rather fond of poetry... And I intend to hear this one through to the very end.
Herr Forehead. You are accusing this man, Daryan Crescend of two crimes: The murder of Mr. LeTouse, and the smuggling of a Borginian Cocoon. ...This is your last chance to prove your case.
I'm afraid your poetic tale ended up to be mere fantasy.
You mean... a witness.
Taking a cocoon out of the country means death... ...by Borginian law.
And they'll likely broadcast our dealings in court today. ...Including the part about the Borginian Cocoon.
...Daryan. I consider that my last session with you. ...We rocked.
Today's trial... was all for your benefit, you know? I see no reason why you should hesitate now.
...It has become apparent that not all things can be tried by this standard.
