Today is a test of the Jurist System... ...and the first step toward a new order in our courts.
The jurists will function like a jury. It is hoped their inclusion will help the courts to better reflect the people's will.
Three closed-circuit cameras watch this courtroom at all times. The jurists have access to everything that transpires. Jurists! Judge well, and judge cool.
Ah, my apologies, Herr Judge.
The victim is the painter Drew Misham. He was killed in his own studio. His coffee... was poisoned. By whom, you ask? By none other than the defendant, Vera Misham.
Achtung... Someone has been doing their homework! Indeed. Poison was not present in the coffee... but on the mug itself.
The autopsy report describes the manner of our victim's death.
A chemical compound that does not occur naturally. Lethal dosage is a mere 0.002mg. A touch of atroquinine in the body... ...is the touch of the Reaper's scythe.
I have for you today a simple man, for a simple case. ...A man who witnessed the murder in its entirety.
The witness will state his name and occupation.
You didn't do it, did you?
Ah ha ha ha. Rock, indeed.
If no one on the outside ever had access to the studio... ...then it would serve to reason that the deed was done by an "insider".
So, how did this epoch-making interview go?
I believe I know what Herr Forehead is driving at. This coffee the victim was served... Did anyone other than the victim touch it?
...And what happened next?
Atroquinine paralyzes the central nervous system. The body arches back like a bow, the limbs tremble, the throat burns--
For that you can listen to our last year's hit single. "Atroquinine, My Love", by the Gavinners. Available at all major music outlets.
What were you getting at, then? You know the poison was on the rim, not in the coffee.

Even if someone had been hiding in the studio... ...they hardly could have poisoned that mug without anyone noticing.
......

...It's "Brushel", ja? Herr Brushel... let's take a trip back down memory lane.
Did the victim really die the instant he took a sip? Think it over. This is vital.
I admit, it does cause a problem if he died when you say he died. ...I would be forced to say auf Wiedersehen to my simple case. And you would be forced to say farewell to your article.
You can't write a story based on conjecture, can you? And as the case drags on, other reporters will pick up the scent. ...And you'll be forced to kiss your exclusive scoop goodbye.
...But not what I've been saying for the last few minutes, apparently.
As far as I can tell, the witness is standing by his testimony. ...That Mr. Misham died the instant after he drank.
...Ach. I suppose it was too much to hope for.
Of course he wouldn't choose a simple case, not him.
Phoenix Wright, who else?
Achtung, Herr Brushel! Report for us, if you would. What is it that you noticed?
If you intend to suggest that this reporter is a suspect... ...I'm sure you also intend to present evidence supporting that assertion, correct? In the meantime, let's move along, shall we?
...Yes?
...Unfortunately no. But, Herr Forehead... ...it's easy to mistake the color of an envelope.
Ah, I like your expression. So full of confidence.
What...?
So this was from seven years ago, ja...?
Maybe you can elaborate on that a bit for us?

This is my first time hearing of this "criminal world". We certainly found no criminal connections when we conducted our investigation.

...But there is no proof tying this letter to our case.
...Our case was, and remains, simple from the beginning. Only the defendant could have poisoned that mug that night. And, you, of course.
A nice testimony. Clear, succinct... and without room for doubt.

How many times have we heard that one, Herr Forehead? The poison reached its victim via that coffee mug. And from where did that coffee come, hmm?
Not to beat a dead horse again, and again, but perhaps you could fill us in?
...Let us not forget the defendant has admitted to pouring the coffee herself. I heard her statement: "I poured, I served, and I killed."
Ah ha ha ha ha. That last part was just a little joke.

Yet, at the time of the autopsy, no fresh fragrance of mint filled the room. ...And no "mint residue" was found.
Don't tell me you're still trying to prove this? You think the victim ate, drank, or otherwise ingested something other than coffee?
Must I explain this over and over and over? We don't need possibilities, here, Herr Forehead. We need proof.
You should also know that every proof has its moment. Perhaps you're a bit early?
...I do believe our little Forehead is growing up. Pity. We liked the rash, youthful Forehead best.
...I do believe our little Forehead is growing up. Pity. We liked the rash, youthful Forehead best.
Don't tell me. "Vera Misham"?
......
If that was comic relief, why do I not feel amused?

...Ah, yes, intriguing. So an envelope has disappeared from the scene of the crime. Of course... this changes nothing.
...I still think this fails to change anything, Herr Forehead.
I don't argue the possibility that a letter disappeared from that studio. ...But Herr Forehead, isn't there a much more serious question before us?
......
You do understand what we need, ja? Proof, Herr Forehead. Not "possibilities".
Wh-What did you say?

Feh. No one worth talking to actually licks stamps in this day and age.

OK, so he licked the stamp. But wait! How does that explain the atroquinine on the rim of the coffee mug?
...!
Incidentally, we searched the desk drawer at the scene of the crime. There were no stamps. Not a single one.
Ah ha ha ha ha ha. ...Good show, good show. You can't even prove there was a stamp at the scene in the first place!
I think our beloved attorney has been licking too many stamps in his free time.
I noticed that too during my inspection. So what?
What!? Why wasn't I told about this!?
You aren't saying...
Impossible!
Why would he put something like that on his desk? Don't tell me he had it there so he could commit suicide if the mood struck!

...Oh, rich. That's rich. Leave the ridiculous flights of fancy to the Gavinners's song lyrics, please.
The stamp was a "murder weapon"? Nonsense! Murder is a simple business. Who would go to such lengths? No one.
C-Come again...?
Ridiculous! Where's your proof? I want proof! Show us evidence that this poisoned stamp was sent to him... as a murder weapon!
I believe we have shown probable "intent to kill". Except the killer would be Herr Judge, and the victim, you!
...Such a splendid imagination you have, Herr Forehead!
Let me confirm one thing with you, if I might. So, this "poisoned stamp" was inside this envelope from seven years ago... ja? Is that what you'd have us believe? Really?
Yes. A very small possibility. How small, I wonder?
A poisoned stamp in this envelope? A stamp that then became the murder weapon? How do you intend to prove this seeming coincidence?
And your answer... is silence, I see. Very well! I move to...
...!
Don't you have a crime scene to be looking after, Fräulein Detective?
Care to explain yourself, Fräulein Detective?

Absolutely outrageous! ...Tell me why! Why didn't this murder take place seven years ago!?

...Is this the bright future of our legal system?
A ticket to the afterlife from seven years ago...? Tickets for Gavinners's shows are invalid after two weeks.
...It boggles my mind that so many people haven't noticed this. There's a fatal contradiction in Herr Forehead's claim!
A poisoned stamp was placed in this envelope seven years ago. Whereupon it was framed, until now. If that's the case, then why would Drew Misham have done what he did?
...Therein lies the rub.
Seven years ago, the forger Drew Misham sensed a trap, and put the stamp in a frame. I do not debate this. ...But this begs the question. Why, seven years later, did he use that stamp on the night of the murder?
Surely, you don't mean to suggest that Mr. Misham simply "forgot"? He put the murder weapon in a frame on his desk for seven years... and forgot? You expect us to believe he sprang the trap on himself?
Ah, I'm glad to see we're all back in the real world now. Welcome back to reality! We've been waiting for you.
The "poisoned stamp"...? Where exactly is this poisoned stamp, again? Have you brought it to court for us?
I see no proof that such a thing ever existed.
Oh, I agree, that does seem to be atroquinine residue. But, Herr Forehead, it's certainly no stamp.
Even if your precious poisoned stamp did exist... ...Drew Misham never would have used it. ...That is all.
Yes, but even if this envelope contained a poisoned stamp... ...and Drew Misham, knowing this, put it in a frame... ...he never would have used that stamp!
Ah, a fake clue? Fascinating! And if we find this fake, your wild fantasies will prove quite reasonable, ja?

...Wasn't it you who presented this evidence to the court?

...Wasn't it you who presented this evidence to the court?

...Congratulations. You've completely lost me. So the fake evidence is none other than the master of fake himself, the forger? ...It makes a good story, I'll give you that.
...Come again?
Here we are again. The victim... was a "fake"?
So you are telling us that Drew Misham, the victim, was a fake? Well, if he was the fake, who was the real forger? You'd better not be claiming there was some kind of switcheroo?
......
......
...... ...Fascinating!
Let's just ask her and be done with it, shall we? Who are you? Who is the forger, Drew Misham?
...I'm used to being stared at by Fräuleins, believe me. Though they usually talk to me, too. Tell us. Were you the one who forged those works of art?
Perhaps you could begin by telling us how it all worked. How did you set up this "Drew Misham forger" persona?
Perhaps you'd rather answer my question? Were you the one who painted that painting. The remarkably similar one?
Yet, she did not wish to reveal the truth of their operation. So the victim was a stand-in, a decoy. To the world at large, he was the forger, not her.
Regardless, we need a little more information. About, for instance... ...this!
...You have seen this before, ja?
...Not that the witness realizes it.

...Easy there, little attorney. You're not here to defend her for the crime of forgery.
Apparently not.
...Apparently, we've got some cross-examination yet ahead of us. If you would be so kind as to continue your testimony, Fräulein.
And the $100,000 promised in this letter was the start. ...The beginning of a new industry for Drew Misham.
The creation of items to be used in criminal proceedings. ...Forging evidence, in other words.
Apparently not.
...Apparently, we've got some cross-examination yet ahead of us. If you would be so kind as to continue your testimony, Fräulein.
I think I understand. The Fräulein has lived in an... unusual little world.

...A moment, Herr Forehead.
You can't force an answer upon the witness. Now then. Perhaps... you would tell me, Fräulein Vera? Why did you "receive" this stamp?
So the trap failed by chance... by mistake. Thanks to this commemorative stamp.
Apparently not.
...Apparently, we've got some cross-examination yet ahead of us. If you would be so kind as to continue your testimony, Fräulein.
This single job had tied them to the criminal underworld. I'd think Mr. Misham wished to reduce their visibility in the world at large.
Apparently not.
...Apparently, we've got some cross-examination yet ahead of us. If you would be so kind as to continue your testimony, Fräulein.
......
...... Gram... Gram... Gramarye.
...Might I ask just one question of this witness?
In your testimony just now, you stated... ...this was your "first work that was other than a painting".
Please, tell me... ...what exactly did you make?
No! Answer the question! ...Now!
...Yes, it is unbecoming of me. I apologize. But... I must know. Please, Ms. Misham, tell me.
A "book"...? Please be more specific.
...... Nnnno! I don't... No!!!
...Ms. Misham. This "book"... ...was there a picture of a silk hat on the back cover? Yes or no!?
...... He's told you nothing, has he? ...Your soiled, sullied mentor. Nothing!?
Phoenix Wright. Who else!?
He never told you about the trial, seven years ago? About how he came to lose his attorney's badge...
It was a certain piece of evidence that decided his fate, you know. ...A certain diary. On the back, it bore the mark of a silk hat.
Yes, what? Is there something about me...?
Klavier. Klavier Gavin. I came... to get the party started. Legally, ja?
Ah, figures my bro's more famous in this part of town.
I know what you're thinking: "You're out of your league, rock-boy."
True, my debut single, "13 Years Hard Time for Love", went platinum overnight... ...but that's just a hobby to me compared to this, ja?
I'm just getting warmed up, Herr Attorney Wright.
...Achtung, baby. Time to call on the opening act. ...What was his name again? Ah yes... Detective Gumshoe! Hit it!
...And you are?
...Herr Detective, this is my stage. Can the antics.
All this "hey you"-ing and such. And I could care less about your history together.
Ah yes, the great magician. He retired years ago, though. Say the name "Magnifi" to one of my generation... and you'd be lucky to get a blank stare.
In other words, he had liver cancer. He had only three months left to live, in fact.
...The victim was already climbing a three-month stairway to heaven. ...Why not wait for him to knock-knock-knock on heaven's door? Why shoot him?
In fact, he was about to "shoot up" with insulin... ...when he was shot with a pistol. The syringe was found at the crime scene. Chronic diabetes... and cancer. As much as it pains me to say it... ...the victim was clearly at the end of his life.
...Very well, Detective. Perhaps you can enlighten us as to the circumstances of the shooting.
Those are the facts. I have here the letter in question.
I believe the answer to that question can be found at the end of the letter.
The devil is in the details, Herr Attorney...
As it turns out, there was. Every night, for a half hour, starting at 11:00... ...the victim, Magnifi Gramarye, was given an IV.
At 11:00, a doctor would come to set up the IV. Thirty minutes later, he would come back for the empty bag. This happened every night, without fail.
Oh? I disagree. The victim was, indeed, shot in the forehead, after all. Just as he had commanded.
...... Fine. I can play it slow as well as I can play it fast. On with the testimony, Detective Gumshoe.
Traces of gunpowder residue shows that it had been fired recently.
Well, let's pay it no mind and carry on, shall we? I like a fast tempo.

...This is your position, then?
This is the sort of occasion when my brother would present some "evidence".
Did you have some evidence you wanted to show us? Something proving it wasn't the defendant who shot the old man?

What, and you can prove that with this photo!?
The defendant had a choice other than shooting the victim in the forehead? ...Perhaps I might suggest one. He could have shot this attorney in the forehead!

Hah! And I suppose you have a reason as to why he'd shoot the clown doll?
His "forehead"...? Aah...!

I admit, I'm impressed. But I expected nothing less. Still, this doesn't mean he didn't shoot the victim!
So sorry, Mr. Wright. How sad it is to see the mighty fall.
...Might I suggest we move on? This is getting us nowhere.
We compared the bullet taken from the victim's skull with a bullet fired from this gun. The rifling marks on the bullets were a perfect match.
...Unfortunately, no. Of course, the defendant is known for wearing gloves. We might say that a lack of fingerprints is, in fact, a "fingerprint" of its own.
Many boys and girls joined the police because of that pistol, I hear.
...Unfortunately, no. Of course, the defendant is known for wearing gloves. We might say that a lack of fingerprints is, in fact, a "fingerprint" of its own.
That was really more of a confirmation than a summary. But our defense attorney seems pleased enough with himself.
Well, now that Mr. Wright's gotten that out of his system... ...shall we continue with the testimony?

Th-That's not a contradiction. Not even close! All he had to do was reload the pistol after the first shot!
Urk...! ...... Heh... Ha ha ha... I had a feeling this wasn't over yet. No... this party's just getting started. And I haven't proven anything yet, beyond my good looks, and startling record sales.
Like I said, Herr Detective was just the warm-up act.
Now that the audience has gotten a taste of what's to come, they're ready.
For my decisive witness, of course. A witness who, you will find, can prove one thing for us: That it was Zak Gramarye who shot the victim in the forehead!
During our recess, a bullet was found in and dug out from the clown's head.
There wasn't time to do a detailed analysis. Though they did find the weapon type matches the murder weapon.
Which is why I'm about to call my very decisive witness.
...Oh, don't worry on my account. I'm quite confident this witness will do the job. After all, he is intimately acquainted with the players in our little production... ...being the other half of Troupe Gramarye's famous duo... "Zak & Valant"!
Perhaps we'll start by asking your name and occupation?
I have an interesting fact for you. You see, several days before the crime... ...my witness received this.
Perhaps you should see for yourself.
It's just my opinion, Herr Judge. But from these letters, I'd say he was coercing them, not asking them.
Yes... And now it's time to get this party fired up!
Now that you've revealed the very secrets of your magic for all of us, let's move on. You went at the designated time... and what did you see?
Clearly, we're dealing with professionals here.
The victim clearly wanted to be shot.
Perhaps he wanted to go out... with a bang? ...Yet we will never hear the truth from his lips, so all we can do... is guess.
There's no magic involved here. The shooter was just methodical, is all. He simply wiped everything of fingerprints.
I see the fire in your eyes as you glare at the witness. So how about heating up this trial a bit? These slow ballads bore me.
We've confirmed this with the doctor. It all checks out. He praised Mr. Valant's knowledge of stomach medicine, in fact.
Of course, this is what he would say. Unlike the hapless clown, we must assume our defendant has some brains in his head.
We compared the bullet taken from the victim's skull with a bullet fired from this gun. The rifling marks on the bullets were a perfect match.

Heh heh heh heh... What have I done?
I owe the court an apology. ...Sorry.
You see, I was unaware that two of these unique pistols were crafted. The analysis of the rifling marks only proved the type of gun that fired them.
Which is why I'm apologizing to you now. Quite sincerely, I might add. ...Would you hold me accountable for a mistake made in my youth?
...I am still young. And, I might add, it wasn't really my fault. If the defendant had only admitted he took one pistol from the scene of the crime... ...we would not be having this pleasant discussion now.

...You'll see, in time.
The testimony so far has merely been a review of the "facts". The proof... comes next.
When Mr. Valant entered the hospital room, the victim had already been shot. As his next testimony will prove! Herr Wright, the real fight is about to begin.
...Is easy to explain in this situation, Herr Judge. For example... ...take our debut hit single, "13 Years Hard Time For Love". Cue to the song, press the play button, and it will play for 2 minutes, 15 seconds. Do it a hundred times, the result is the same.
Magic is a world of utmost precision! Hocus pocus... requires admirable focus. And in the time of death determined by the doctor there is an incontrovertible truth.
I would hope the defense refrains from its customarily broad, sweeping accusations. ...Lest we blur the focus this case so clearly demands.
I have here defendant Zak Gramarye's sworn deposition. "I snuck into his room that night at the appointed time. It was 10 minutes before I left the room... and the victim was still alive."
Exactly. Which means the witness could not have entered that room before 11:15! ...Because his partner was still in the middle of his crime.
You see, the defendant himself has corroborated the witness's testimony!
You have been warned, Herr Wright. ...Baseless remarks will be penalized.
In any case, I believe this is nothing more than what we have already learned. I'm still waiting for one of those "Wright moments", Herr Attorney.
And I would have penned the requiem that arose in my soul at that horrid sight.
In any case, I believe this is nothing more than what we have already learned. I'm still waiting for one of those "Wright moments", Herr Attorney.
The point here... is the IV the victim was taking. It's quite visible in the photograph of the scene. Recall what we heard earlier about the victim, Magnifi Gramarye's schedule. Every night at 11:00, Magnifi took an IV drip for thirty minutes.
Now, look a little closer. Follow the tube down from the bag to the end...
Doubtlessly, it fell out when he was shot.
...When the needle comes out, the IV no longer drips.
...Precisely. The IV liquid functions, for our purposes, as an hourglass of sorts. This is how the doctor determined the time of death. From the amount remaining in the bag, it was determined that... ...the IV had "stopped 10 minutes after administration began".
The impact of the shot caused the IV needle to drop, telling us the time of death. ...The deceased's final message to this world.
...Knocked from the vein by the force of the shot. Luckily for you. If that IV had not been there, why... you might be a suspect.

"Do" yourself a favor and stop flailing around for excuses! ...Before you "do" yourself in! ...And "do" try to straighten your spine. All that bending over is bad for your posture.
I believe the witness is saying they didn't meet, ja?
You have been warned, Herr Wright. ...Baseless remarks will be penalized.
...All this talk of color has me yearning for black and white, clear-cut simplicity. ...Tell us, Herr Wright, just where is the contradiction in this photo?
...Agreed.

This... This is some kind of mistake!
...!

...And to think... You almost had me.
I see your true colors now, "ace attorney" Phoenix Wright!
Ah ha ha... Yes, a contradiction. One that I shall be pleased to hand right back to Mr. Wright!
How? Because the witness has made no mistakes! I agree, at a glance, the IV liquid does appear a sort of greenish-yellow. But I assure you, the liquid itself is quite yellow.
Yes, but what color is the IV bag itself?
Precisely. ...Figured it out yet? Put a yellow liquid in a blue bag and...?
This, incidentally, is the liquid's true color!
What...?
G-Grave?
...Ah... Urk!

I'm afraid I find nothing. So what if he knew the IV liquid's color? Leave the getting excited over absolutely nothing to our teenybopper fans, ja?

Let me get this straight, Herr Wright. You're saying the witness watered down the victim's IV bag!?

I'm afraid there's quite a big difference between a cup and an IV bag. Quite. Can you prove our witness is capable of such a feat!?
...I tire of these fairy tales lacking evidence.
Why add water, when you could add a penalty?

Wh-What kind of evidence is that!? The syringe was clean! Not a trace of liquid in it!
Wh-What...?
...!
......

Heh. Heh heh heh! ...Truly, there's no substitute for experience. Nothing blinds one to the truth so effectively.
A word to the wise: Underestimate the young, and they'll sweep your feet out from under you. In a way you never, ever expected. ...You see, I know exactly what you're thinking.
You say the witness used the syringe to manipulate the level of the IV liquid. But there is no proof.
...Yes, quite true.
Nor was this witness quite as decisive as I'd hoped. This, I admit. After all, why linger in the past, when the future holds so much?
Proof, Herr Judge. I have another way to prove my case. ...With evidence, no less.
This... is the victim, Magnifi Gramarye's diary.
After going into the hospital, Magnifi began writing his memoirs, it seems. The story of his birth, his startling debut... and of meeting his disciples. It seems he intended for the last chapter to end, quite appropriately, with his death.
...Sadly, it does not. What's important here... is on the last page. Apparently, the victim wrote in his journal that night. Even after the IV had begun at 11:00 PM. ...Let's read it, shall we?
Read the very last part with particular care. "This journal may end here or it may go on... but not long. That depends on his hand." Of course, by "his"... ...he refers to our defendant, Zak Gramarye.
But look at what he said before that!
"This journal may end here or it may go on." ..."It may go on"! Magnifi Gramarye intended to write again! That is... ...if Zak Gramarye didn't pull the trigger.
I see the defense understands the meaning of this. The victim's diary does not "go on"... It ends! Because Magnifi's life was brought to an end by the defendant, Zak Gramarye!
...There is no mistaking his handwriting.
...Then the one who pulled the trigger was the first visitor. ...Zak Gramarye. Well, how do you like me now, Herr Wright? Still too "green" for your tastes? Hmm?
Hmm... ...It's not to [sic] late to rethink this and avoid more... embarrassment.
Incidentally, don't even think of showing us this diary I've just shown the court.
Now that we've come this far, I hope you have something a little more... decisive. Show us evidence that proves the victim continued writing his diary!
We don't need proof that he "might" have continued his diary. We need proof that he did continue that diary! If such a thing exists, of course...
Would you care to explain what all this means, Herr Attorney?

...Finally. You just couldn't resist, could you, Herr Wright?
...... Herr Judge?
Might I request we put the current cross-examination on hold? The prosecution would like to call a new witness.
...I ask only to put it on hold! Please. My new witness has a very, very important piece of testimony to give. ...Five minutes. No more. I promise... Your Honor.
...I beg the court's understanding. But I had to make a judiciary deal with the witness to secure his testimony.
The details of his testimony may have some "legal ramifications", shall we say. I thought it best to contain the information to this room.
...State your name and occupation for the record.
...I have one simple question for this witness.
Mister... Misham, was it? Do you know what this is?
...The regional prosecutor's office received a tip-off yesterday. "Illegal evidence has been prepared for the trial of Zak Gramarye."
I initiated an investigation, and found this witness. A painter to the world at large, Drew Misham has another side, you might say. He is skilled in making perfect reproductions of certain things... ...Forgeries, in other words.
...A fake. Prepared by a certain defense attorney.

...Ah, the attorney speaks. Something about this page, I presume. But what is he saying? It makes no sense! ...After all it was you who presented this evidence to us, Phoenix Wright!
Fatal, too, perhaps, for your client, I fear.
Tell me, what kind of defendant relies on forged evidence...? The answer is quite clear. A guilty one!
Another close call, I dare say. If the prosecutor's office hadn't received that hot tip... ...everything would have gone the way you wanted it to, ja?
...I even gave you a chance. Too bad you decided not to think before embarrassing yourself...
The defendant's escaped! Find him! Quick!
The defendant's escaped! Find him! Quick!
The defendant's escaped! Find him! Quick!
...Prosecution's ready to rock.
Acute atroquinine poisoning. According to her physician... ...she could die at any time. Thus... her absence from the courtroom today.
A trial without a verdict can only cause grief... ...The records of this case, and experience, tell us this. ...Apologies to the defendant, but the show must go on.
The prosecution's case is unchanged by recent events. Why did Vera Misham succumb to poison? Because she couldn't live with the guilt of what she'd done.
...What better confession could you ask for? Being the killer she would have had access to the poison. Significant, since it's rather hard to come by.
In other words... I see no need for further discussion. We could have had our verdict... yesterday.
If that's so... then you have to prove something. She was in court, giving her testimony before us. How do you propose her "killer" poisoned her? Oh... and incidentally, it would be nice if you told us who her mystery "killer" was.
Not a bottle or container of the poison was found on the defendant's body.
Yes. "Slow acting", it's called.
Is that... nail polish? Hmm, it's colorless. Ah...!
N-No. Nothing. Nothing at all.
I... Well I...
That bottle... belongs to Vera Misham?
...... No. Just checking.
It is clear just who is poisonous here. Herr Forehead is poisoning the hearts and minds of this court!

...What's your game? My bro... There's no way he could do a thing like that! You should know that better than anyone else!
What...?
Just a moment, Herr Forehead. You are aware this is an accusation you're making? I think a bit of risk is in order. This much, to be precise.
It is clear just who is poisonous here. Herr Forehead is poisoning the hearts and minds of this court!

...What's your game? My bro... There's no way he could do a thing like that! You should know that better than anyone else!
What...?
Yes. "Slow-acting", it's called.
Is that... nail polish? Hmm, it's colorless. Ah...!
N-No. Nothing. Nothing at all.
I... Well I...
......
...... Fine. I've known for some time that an impenetrable darkness lurked at the bottom of this. ...A darkness that has swallowed even myself.
...OK. The defense's wish is granted. Let prisoner Kristoph Gavin take the stand!
...!
...... You're being accused again. ...By him. Again.
......

I'm guessing it's not a coincidence.
It's simple. Ariadoney is the best nail polish one can buy, correct? Then, if one wanted the best nail polish, one would buy it.

Ah, so he had an accomplice on the outside? Is this your latest accusation?

But the contents of those letters are closely checked. It would be extremely difficult to send a hit request!

The answer's quite simple. Basically...

The defense is repeating fallacious statements based on conjecture! The prosecution requests concrete, unambiguous proof of the witness's crime!
What...!?
......
The "defense's bluff"...? I'm not sure I agree with you there... Kristoph.
...Honestly, I wanted to believe you. But the defense wasn't trying to get away with a bluff. You were, Kristoph!
...Herr Forehead. What was your accusation again...?
..."This poisoned stamp killed Drew Misham"... ja? To which my brother responded thusly: "There was no way to know "when" Misham would use the stamp."
...Tell me. It needs to be "planned"... why?
Why couldn't it have been a "coincidence"? The defense's case is simply that Drew Misham died by that stamp. That's all.
Kristoph, you tried to slip out from under his accusation by changing the subject! If that's not bluffing... what is it?
I could ask you the same question, Kristoph.
I'd say it's about... this vital.

The defense attorney on that case was Phoenix Wright. Who, other than him, drunk with the prospect of victory, could have done it? And why would they?
Seven years old...?
...Herr Forehead. Do you understand what you're telling us?
The one who schemed up the forged diary page was the one who poisoned the stamp. And it was Phoenix Wright who presented the forged evidence seven years ago. Adding the two statements together, the one who schemed to kill Drew Misham... ...was none other than Phoenix Wright!
Oh? Then how will it "go down"?
The day before...!?
No... Th-This can't all be...

...Herr Forehead. Are you sure you don't have evidence...?
Evidence! Evidence that shows this man, Kristoph Gavin, requested that forgery seven years ago!
Just... prove it! Clear up these doubts now, or I swear, I'm off this case!

Are you... telling the truth, Apollo Justice...?
Then... I say we give him the benefit of the doubt!
Way to go, Herr Pen!
Phoenix Wright...?
......

...The show's over, yet the crowd screams for more. Only now do I understand why.
Frankly, I'm relieved. This has been bothering me for seven whole years. And I'm tired of the whole youthful angst scene. ...Now's our chance. Let's clean out the family closet, eh, Kristoph?
Spinning out of whose control? Mine? ...Or yours?
You amuse me, Herr Forehead. I couldn't forget what's really important to me, even if I tried.
In fact, I haven't. Not even once. Seven years ago...
...Finally. You just couldn't resist, could you, Herr Wright?
Might I request we put the current cross-examination on hold? The prosecution would like to call a new witness.
...State your name and occupation for the record.
Didn't you find anything "unnatural" about it?
"Almost as if"... what?
...Correct.
I knew that if I applied the usual pressure... ...Phoenix Wright would eventually come up with that forged diary page.
I knew because you told me, Kristoph!
It was the night before the trial.
Kristoph...? Odd seeing you at the prosecutor's office the day before the trial.
Huh? Why not...?
Information...?
...I wondered about it at the time. "How did Kristoph know so much?"
...Kristoph! We were supposed to face each other in that trial! A fair fight, brother to brother! I deserved that much! You let me borrow the victim's belongings... ...You showed me all your research on the case!
You can't sweep this under the rug. Not anymore. Tell me what was going on behind that trial!
You fed me information about the forgery you made. ...Then you gave your dirty evidence to him!
...Ha ha ha... Incredible. If I wasn't laughing... I'd weep.
"Perfectly"...? You're mad, Kristoph. Stop fooling yourself.
...Tell me, how did that trial end?
Ah. I get it. So, Kristoph... ...you've been living in fear for seven years!
...To keep people from talking, of course.
Atroquinine... ...applied to a commemorative stamp.
The Ariadoney nail polish, ...of course!
If she ran into any trouble, she'd become nervous... ...and the nail polish would do the rest.
...... We're back to the evidence. The lacking evidence. Nothing proves a link between him and the atroquinine that took Drew Misham's life.
Unfortunately... yes, Kristoph. You're right. ...That is, you would've been right, until now.
...Did the news not reach your desk in solitary? The eyes of the nation are on this courtroom today. ...This is the trial case for a new judicial system.
Kristoph... It's over.
The law is "absolute"...? You can't be serious.
Odd. I thought you spent your life looking for loopholes? The law isn't absolute. It's filled with contradictions.
Except for you, Kristoph. You aren't changing. You've stopped. You're not needed anymore.
It's not every day you get a trial that rocks harder than one of our gigs, ja? That's why it's over! The Gavinners are breaking up. ...The news caused a run on tissues at supermarkets nation-wide. You're the real stars, now! I look forward to our next jam session.
