Perhaps I could help... Herr Forehead.
Why, I do believe we have a fresh face here. Greetings, Fräulein. I am Klavier Gavin. Some know me as a prosecutor, but I'm most famous for my former rock band. We were quite popular you know, but regrettably, the band went kaput. Perhaps you've heard of us? The Gavinners? I was the lead vocalist.
Forgive me Fräulein, but I've retired from the music biz. But I'd be happy to offer my autograph as rock star prosecutor, Klavier Gavin.
She's a lively one, eh, Herr Forehead? Didn't know she was your type.
A pleasure to meet you too, Athena Cykes. Now that the intros are out of the way... ...I'm sure you have some questions for me, ja, Herr Forehead?
I'm here for the same reason as your boss -- to give a lecture and a training seminar.
And... I have another crucial role to play. The Gavinners are getting back together for a one-time special performance.
Ja, I know how much you... adored our music, Herr Forehead. Anyway, I studied abroad in Germany to get my badge early, but I did graduate from here.
I see you've already heard about that. One student representative was selected to sing with us onstage. And the stage was supposed to look like this tomorrow. Two big banners and a pair of wicked statues. This is just an illustration, but it's not half bad.
Bingo, Fräulein. And they were so big and magnificent, too! What a terrible waste. But the worst part of this whole thing is... ...my long-awaited reunion with my mentor never came to pass.
Prof. Courte. She was the one who taught me how to think about the law.
She may have taught the judge course, but she had a huge impact on me. She was fond of saying, "The end is only justified through proper means." She wouldn't tolerate dishonesty and always revered what was right beyond all else.
Exactly. So, as you can see, we are both joined in purpose, so to speak, ja?
May I ask why you people present your attorney's badges like that? It seems like Herr Forehead and Mr. Wright always want to show theirs off, too.
Ah!
Did I ever mention I'm a graduate of this fine institution? The mock trials... They sure bring back memories. So many unforgettable battles.
Ja, I waited on my air guitar, rocked out to the beat, and exposed crimes for all to see. You could say this is where my hard-rocking prosecutorial style made its debut.
Achtung, baby! I brought the house down and had the crowd on its feet! Ever since, the academy has held a live concert in conjunction with the mock trial.
Why, Fräulein, what a wonderful piece of evidence you have there. But I imagine no matter what you present... ...it would be impossible for it to be more persuasive than your beauty.
Now, let's rock this place hard!
Forget already, Herr Forehead? I said I'd help you explain the mock trial. We're going to reprise it right here in the Lecture Hall! It might help us catch her killer!
Right. the stage is ready. And you, Herr Forehead? Ready to rock?!
You saw the actual mock trial earlier, right? Just relax, you'll do fine. Besides, we have the script right here.
Ja, and there's only one in existence. I "borrowed" it, if you will. Now, Fräulein, we'll need you to play the part of defendant and judge as per the script.
I've only read the case outline so far. I don't know how it actually turns out, so I'll treat this like I'm prosecuting a real case. You, Herr Forehead, will play the part of a fledgling lawyer, a role you were born to play. All the evidence is also here with us. We have everything we need to reprise the mock trial.
Ja, a double mockery, perhaps, but a trial is still a trial. Achtung, baby! It's no holds barred! Let's rock!
You got it, Fräulein Judge! Our case is set in a school very much like this one. The victim -- a professor, female. The defendant -- an Archery Club member, also female.
That's some seriously bad acting, Fräulein. Anyway, the victim's body was discovered in the middle of the quad. Here's a shot of the crime scene. Ironically, it was Prof. Courte who posed as the corpse. Herr Forehead, how did the mock trial participants react to this photo?
Ah, too much of a fledgling to know what's important, that one. In any case... ...both in the mock trial and the actual case, Prof. Courte was wearing a sweat suit. Moving right along--
That's right. And therein lies the significance of this mock mock trial. So let's keep rockin' it hard, just like that!
Before the crime occurred, the defendant was to meet the victim in the quad.
It's called getting into character, Herr Forehead. Don't be such a wet blanket.
Nein nein, Herr Forehead. That feigned swagger does not suit you in the least.
The autopsy report notes that the edges of the victim's wound were unusually ragged. Could such physical trauma possibly result from an arrow shot from a bow? Nein! I believe the victim was impaled with the arrow by hand... postmortem. In short, the real murder weapon was not the arrow at all.
Well, he's just a student, a warm-up act, while I am the real deal, the headliner, so to speak. The true murder weapon was most likely the awl that was left in the art room.
It's a kind of tool used for poking holes in paper, wood, and other materials. It's kind of like an ice pick. I have a photo here if you're interested.
Most likely, Fräulein. Pretty realistic, ja? Let's pretend it's real blood for now. The defendant's prints were lifted from the murder weapon. Furthermore, traces of the victim's blood were discovered in the art room. That's where I believe the murder actually took place.
The murder took place in the third floor art room, but the body was found in the quad.
Not at all. There's a maintenance area and storehouse right outside the art room. And a cart used to carry balls around was found there.
A jumbo, ja? Big enough to fit a person -- or a body -- in it. The defendant dropped the body from the art room window, then moved it with the cart. That is how a high-school girl could easily move a body all by herself!

That may be true, but... ...you failed to account for the large high jump mat in the storehouse. A body dropped onto such a mat would show no signs of blunt force trauma.
Quite the crafty killer. In an attempt to case suspicion on the Archery Club... ...they moved the body to the quad where it would be an easy shot from the clubroom. Then the killer faked the murder weapon by inserting an arrow into the awl's stab wound.
Were there any further arguments from the defense?
Time for the finale, then. Your verdict if you please, Fräulein Judge!
Yeah, perhaps that's not such a good idea. Let's end our mock mock trial here. Besides, it's about time I get back to my investigation.
Achtung, baby! The prosecution's already got a witness sized up, too.
Well, like I said, I just want to catch whoever killed Prof. Courte. And there's no reason for me to start butting heads with you two. Anyway, I won't say goodbye, as I'm sure I'll be seeing you later.
Two big banners and a pair of wicked statues. This is just an illustration, but it's not half bad.
Bingo, Fräulein. And they were so big and magnificent, too! What a terrible waste.
Here's a shot of the crime scene. Ironically, it was Prof. Courte who posed as the corpse. Herr Forehead, how did the mock trial participants react to this photo?
Afternoon, you two.
I'll have you know I'm continuing my investigation, in the strictest of confidence.
I'm not one to refuse a damsel in distress. But you needn't have asked, Fräulein. I'd intended to help from the start.
That's right. But I hadn't seen this stage until yesterday. That backdrop with the starry sky and big crescent moon isn't half bad. We also had some tricks up our sleeve to make the concert really rock. Pyrotechnics, a fog machine, big banners... Things like that. It would've looked like this.
That's the Gavinners's logo, Fräulein. Oh, and nice Pig Latin, Herr Forehead. Really smooth.
Nein, Fräulein, it's a G for Gavinners, not a six. But whatever floats your pretty boat.
It was an important part of the show, but the school managed to misplace it somehow. It's a pity. We had it specially made from heavyweight high-grade cloth. A missing banner and two broken statues -- there are mysteries aplenty to be solved, ja?
As you can see here in the stage plans... ...right here, we have the statue of me... ...and right here, Herr Wright's statue. But little does that matter now, as we both lie in pieces thanks to you, Herr Forehead.
Hmm... Picking up the pieces of a shattered rock star? Achtung! That's one über-cool idea! There might even be a song in there somewhere!
I'm flattered, Fräulein, but the answer is nein.
You want to record my godlike voice on your little tape recorder there, ja? Well, sorry. I may have retired from the music biz, but I will not sell myself cheap.
Personally, I think it's breathtaking. I mean, speaking the truth under a starry sky? Don't you think it's romantic, Fräulein? And the waning crescent moon represents the maximum three-day trial cycle.
Ah, the memories, Fräulein. As a former rock star, and a prosecutor... ...the prosecutor's bench has taught me much about human emotions, passion, and fight.
Can I take that as a confession, Herr Forehead?
You got it! Let's check every corner of this stage then, ja!
You're like a recording artist who samples other people's work and calls it their own.
Nein, I suspect they might be one in [sic] the same.
Yeah, but all I see are itty bitty ones.
The goddess bearing scales and a sword... She's a symbol of fairness and strength.
Are you saying my pride is as fragile as plaster of Paris?
I think you might want to reword that.
Yeah, but don't you think it's strange? We put the statue back together, but look. What's with all these leftover white pieces?
Ah... It's the goddess of law holding a pair of scales in one hand and a sword in the other. That's quite the feat you pulled off there, Fräulein.
Not sure. There's no statue like this in the stage plans.
At least we're moving in the right direction. Let's keep searching the stage for clues.
Care to see where that wire goes?
This wire is for hanging banners over the stage. One of the policemen who was here earlier was checking how it worked.
The banners are hung and removed from the art room over there.
Bingo, Fräulein. It's still crawling with cops, though.
Is that some kind of a greeting between you two?
So, is that some kind of greeting between you two or not?
Fräulein, shall we inspect the banner again, now that it has been unraveled?
It looks like they were in the process of removing them after the stage was set up. But they were never able to finish on account of the murder.
Must've been pretty heavy. Perhaps it was used in setting up the school festival.
I think I'll hang around here for a while. But make sure to tell me once you find it, ja?
What else? The Gavinners banner that disappeared from the stage. You never know -- it just might be connected to the case at hand.
No danke necessary, Fraulein. I was doing this partly for myself, too. I also have access to police data and gear, what with my many fans on the force.
You are such a stick-in-the-mud, Herr Forehead. Let's just say, I have my ways. So relax. Unlike Prof. Means, I believe there is no proper end without justifiable means. And that always includes a bright smile and some wicked air guitar.
Why are you carrying a sooty mess of fabric around?
What?! This ash and cinder?! That's all that's left?!
Yeah, it no doubt bears some relation to the case at hand. In short, this is a challenge directed at me and Gavinners fans everywhere. Mark my words, Fraulein. I WILL find the perpetrator behind the crime!
That's right. But I hadn't seen this stage until yesterday. That backdrop with the starry sky and big crescent moon isn't half bad.
It's go big or go home with rock star entrances, Fräulein. Timing is everything. Let me make a copy of that tape right now, and I'll get you the results as soon as I can. I trust that would be all right?
Guten Morgen, you two. You look like you're ready to put on a real show. But before you do, I have a good luck gift for you. The voiceprint analysis came back, and the results couldn't be more clear. The voice in the mock trial video and the tape recording are one and the same.
The lab is continuing their study of the tape. So far, they've found signs of overdubbing. But it's going to take a bit longer to recover the audio that was erased.
Oh, I'm sure he wasn't the only one just now. I bet Robin and Box Girl were listening in, too. I will make sure they don't make a run for it. That is my final gift to you.
The lab is continuing their study of the tape. So far, they've found signs of overdubbing. But it's going to take a bit longer to recover the audio that was erased.
We've got a special treat for all of you. A love letter for Themis Legal Academy. Achtung, baby. It's time for The Guitar's Serenade.
